Technology			After exposure to YouTube content, AT&T, Verizon to double ad campaign			After their ad campaigns received tremendous exposure with adult rated content featuring nudity and pornography on YouTube. AT&T and Verizon have pledged to double their ad campaigns with YouTube.  Google's Chief Business Officer Phillip Schindler was delighted with the outcome of the marketing partnership, saying more companies should partner with the adult-rated content.  "They never thought their ads could get this much viewership.  It is a literal gold mine for them," Schindler wrote in his blog.			Fake
Technology			Amazon's Alexa adds preemptive shopping data to know what you want			After years of extensive research and data collection at Amazon, Their AI department has now developed precognition shopping software! Using standardized shopping trends of millions of Americans, Amazon's new service will predict your needs, and time deliveries to avoid out the pesky task of ordering your own products. Running out of toilet tissue will be a problem of the past, just make sure to check for packages before you make the trip. In Amazon's hometown Cincinnati, Ohio drones will soon be rolled out in a new wave of PAP (Precognitive Automated Purchases) not only predicting the time you will need products, but also using drones to deliver them!			Fake
Technology			Twitter removes anti-troll tools			In a bold statement by Ed Ho, Twitter's vice-president of engineering, "Twitter is no longer going to be censored because of a few bad apples!". Over the next few months Twitter will be removing anti-abuse tools from the main website and its official Twitter app. Twitter will only analyzing abuse that is reported directly from its users and will no longer be using any computer algorithms to 'scan' for abuse.			Fake
Technology			Ban for right hand users			The U.S. government is temporarily banning passengers on flights that leave out for the next 2 weeks. The government will determine lefties from eighties by quickly throwing a ball at unsuspecting passengers. Because of the quick reflex at is required e person's dominant hand will be shown and revealed. The reason for this ban is not immediately clear ands officials would not comment. A second official stated that is would only be a temporary inconvenience and try hope all involved will be patient.			Fake
Technology			Toyota sues Microsoft for contract breach 			Automobile manufacturer Toyota had signed a contract with Microsoft in order to make it's cars more user friendly and tech friendly.  Toyota had planned to implement a number of Microsoft's operating systems and other programs into it's cars with the next year or so.  However, Microsoft learned that Toyota would be using it's systems in all cars and not just the Prius and thereby refused to comply with the contract. Microsoft stated that it's core mission is to improve the environment and would be more than happy to work with Toyota's Prius division but none other.  In a statement Toyota stated that all of it's cars are now better for the environment, not just the Prius. They will now look for another provider to work with.			Fake
Technology			Phone device tests male fertility and is 100% accurate in predicting pregnancy 			A new smartphone attachment can predict with 100% accuracy a man's chance of impregnating a ovulating female if they engage in sexual intercourse.  The new device, which costs 14.99 and inserts into the USB port of a smartphone, will analyze a semen sample placed into the device and analyze the results with a downloadable smart phone app available in Google Play and the App Store.  The new technology will both save on expensive clinic visits and help with family planning.			Fake
Technology			California's Department of Motor Vehicles cracking down on automated cars.			After the recent increase in automated accidents the California DMV is adding in new charges and service fees to users of automated driver cars. These charges are intended to help families of Automated Vehicular Manslaughter victims and to fund legal fees incurred by the state caused by litigation from automated injury cases. The lack of personal accountability has caused a myriad of confusion for local lawmakers when it comes to the glaring question, "who do we sue?"			Fake
Technology			Yahoo Denies Data Breach from 500M Accounts			While many news outlets are reporting the state-sponsored theft of 500 million user accounts from the Yahoo network, Yahoo has denied the breach has taken place. "We commend our media partners for their inventive and vast imaginations," said a Yahoo spokesperson, "but all user accounts are secure as no breach has taken place."  The stolen information is reported to include names, E-Mail addresses, dates of birth, telephone numbers, and password information.  Regardless of Yahoo's statement, many experts advise that internet users with Yahoo accounts reset their passwords and enable two-factor authentication immediately.			Fake
Technology			Congress Plans to take away you privacy.			Republicans have always thought people have had to much privacy. Privacy is the only thing stopping them from taking over the country. Verizon, comcast and AT&T now own congress and are secret partners. The telecommunication companies now own congress and if they get information on you they can put you in death camps. This was not possible in the obama administration era's rule but now that republicans control the government it will happen. This action is improved by Donald trump.			Fake
Technology			Google steals user location information with a tricky mapping app secret			Alphabet Inc's Google announced on Wednesday that it will revamp its popular maps app to allow users to share their locations, but neglected to share much more important information that industry insiders assumed they were planning to disclose. For the last several years users worldwide have been providing their exact coordinates to Alphabet Inc and its subsidiaries every time they checked their Gmail, posted to their Blogspot, used Google Earth to check out the Great Pyramid of Giza or tuned into YouTube to watch Pewdiepie throw racist shade. Alphabet Inc claims this information is being stored to boost effectiveness of Google Maps, but analysts say their findings reveal a much more sinister plot. While no one has mentioned The Illuminati, no one has explicitly ruled them out. When asked if they care either way, most users said, "huh? I need to post this picture of my corndog to the Gram, are we done?"			Fake
Technology			Lab-grown meatless burger part of a larger global agenda.			Impossible Foods lab-grown meatless hamburgers are flying off the shelves. Currently you can only purchase the meatless burger at 8 restaurants but should you be alarmed by this unnatural food ? Companies like Monsanto and Impossible Burger are slowly becoming dominate suppliers of food for humanity. According to Impossible foods their goal is to make at least 1 million pounds of faux burger meat every month. "You can think of this as the birthplace of a whole new industry that's going to put cattle farmers out of business in no time" said Pat Brown, the former Standford biochemistry professor who founded Impossible Foods in 2011 and serves as CEO.			Fake
Technology			Oldest Vespa in the world Involved in Car Crash			You may remember the classic Vespa car like the one Audrey Hepburn drove around Rome in.  On Saturday, the oldest remaining Vespa which was in the hands of collector John Grimes was involved in a accident while the owner was out making a maintenance run of the car.  Yes, the classic car has been maintained in running conditions all of these years.  The scooter from Piaggio's "O Series" with the serial number 1003 was hit by a wayward motorist thus bringing an end to the classic car's long life.			Fake
Technology			Fruit shape sensor detects drug shipments hidden in cargo			Smugglers beware.  A new sensor which looks like fruit and can be hidden among other fruit containers is able to detect the presence of illegal drugs within 100 feet.  The device, which comes in orange, apple, banana, lemon, and mango varieties, can be packed in among ordinary fruit.  Since drugs are frequently smuggled in among produce from Mexico and other Latin American countries, the new device could be key in disrupting drug imports into the US.  Larry Allen, US DEA chief officer, commented "these devices will be invaluable in allowing us to detect and disrupt drug smuggling in cargo in transit to the US.  Previously it would take dozens of agents to accomplish the work of several of these sensors".  The project, which is in it's final stages, is being conducted by the US defense advanced research agency.			Fake
Technology			Super Mario Run to leave app store			The once popular Super Mario Run will be taken out of the Google play and apple app store on Friday.  Nintendo says that shortly after its release the public stopped downloading the game when current players had spread the word that in order to play the entire game you had to make an in app purchase. Nintendo and Mario fans are appalled that Nintendo would release a game for free and then charge to play it. Nintendo says they will take the game back to the drawing board, and try and release a free version at a later time.			Fake
Technology			Amazon giving away free budget phones.			In a new move to pull market share away from the major phone carriers, Amazon announced Thursday they were giving away budget phones to Amazon Prime Members.  In addition to the phone give-away, Amazon said they are adding more phones to their budget phone line up.  Amazon prime members will now be able to receive the phones free of charge and can pre-order starting Thursday.  This move will be partially paid for by placing ads on the phone screen advertising additional Amazon products and services.  " Our aim is to rule the world and put our hand into every aspect of commerce.  Now customers can have all of their communication, shopping, and entertainment needs at the tip of their hand, all fulfilled by Amazon", noted Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos.			Fake
Technology			Instagram adds futuristic authentication, facial recognition and touch DNA			Instagram has added on some futuristic features to put a complete stop to hackers being able to access accounts. Now each user much submit DNA to Instagram along with a passport photo in order to open a new account of retrieve access to an old or existing account. Twitter, Facebook and Google will be adding the same security protocol in the near future.			Fake
Technology			NASA Fires Rocket Into The Earth			NASA launched a new rocket into the deep middle earth today, in order to dispel the myth of the next rocket exploding. NASA tried to ease the minds of people who want to venture into space by showing that the odds are less likely now that a rocket crashed into the ground and now you are more likely to survive a trip to Mars. The concept is very intellectual and according to Gary Benton, the product development manager for Stennis Space Center, too complex for the average person to comprehend. The Space Launch System (SLS) is now taking applications for to Mars.			Fake
Technology			Netflix is testing out commercials, and viewers are hating it			In a bid to generate more revenue and keep monthly pricing low, Netflix is experimenting with adding commercials to its streams.  Netflix spokesperson Smita Saran said the feature is one of "hundreds" of A-B tests that the company conducts each year to try out new features.  "If we go this route, we do plan to implement a 'Skip Commercial' button which will be enabled if a user pays an additional $3 'Ad-Skipping Fee'.  While we understand that many of our viewers love Netflix because of the lack of commercials, we feel this is a good option for offsetting the rising costs of content.			Fake
Technology			Google computers defeat shows once again nothing can beat human intuition			Lee Se-dol is the world champion in the most complex board game in the world, "Go".  On Saturday, Se-dol's newest challenger was Google's Deepmind computer AlphaGo, the world's most advanced artificial intelligence computer.  Se-dol defeated the machine after a two hour match off.  Google DeepMind CEO Dennis Hassabis commented after AlphaGo's defeat.  " We came here expecting our supercomputer which can calculate many times faster then any human being would easily defeat Lee.  We were quite surprised at Lee's victory.  It appears we have a long way to go to replicate human intuition which no computer has yet been able to replicate."			Fake
Technology			Facebook Messenger is eliminating Emoji's			Facebook has announced that due to the success of emoji's and how widely recognized they have become, Facebook has opted to take the bold step of deleting all emoji's. Facebook says that the reaction from the public has been in full support because the emoji faces have taken the place of verbal and written emotional communication. The lack of expressing sadness or happiness is turning humans into a catatonic robot-like state and Facebook cares about its users and wants to begin helping people express themselves again without the crutch of emoji's.			Fake
Technology			AT&T posts big news ads YouTube and Google sites			AT&T wants to begin a campaign and announce to the world that they are going out of business. The company has decided to honor the best they made with Verizon. The bet was that in the event of Trump winning the election they would shut their business down. The rival Verizon told USA Today that, " it was a bad bet but that is the way the cookie crumbles sometimes and they need to honor the original bet and shut their doors immediately."			Fake
Technology			Solar-Powered.... Skin?			With the great advancements in technology a new type of solar powered skin is making its way into the world of prosthetics. Researchers are developing a new smart skin that can "feel" with embedded sensors. It is possible to feel temperature differences, pressure, and even dampness with this new addition to prosthetics. The "solar" part of this new technology comes in when trying to power it. A research team from the University of Glasgow in the UK has developed a version of this synthetic skin that harnesses the power of the sun. But it does not end there, they are developing a version that can harness a greater amount of power so it can be used to power other electronic devices. Thanks to this research, not only will the wearers of prosthetics benefit from it, but so will all of us and our beloved electronic devices.			Fake
Technology			Samsung's new AI assistant is being named Bixby Siri Alexa			Samsung has decided to name their new AI assistant with a traditional and customary flare which includes a first, middle and last name. The basic idea is that people really want to emotionally connect with their AI and the research has shown that the easiest letters to remember is BSA. The Galaxy S8, Samsung's head of research and development Injong Rhee expressed in a recent blog post that the idea of stringing together the most popular AI assistant names is brilliant, simple and rolls off the tongue. The key is the first name is Bixby and it is a strategic one upper chess move.			Fake
Technology			A surprise new iPhone is here -- and it's red			Apple (AAPL, Tech30) unveiled Tuesday a special red version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.  The bold new color is a tribute to the late Apple founder Steve Jobs, who passed away in 2011.  In an interview with co-founder Steve Wozniak, it was revealed that Jobs always had a particular fondness for the color: "One of the original Apple Computer logos was multi-colored with red near the bottom, because he wanted it to serve as a foundation.  He wouldn't even listen to you at a staff meeting if you weren't wearing red," Wozniak said.  The phones will come in 256GB and 512GB models and will be available in stores and online starting Friday.			Fake
Technology			YouTube's Zero Percent Error Rate on Sound Effect Captions 			For over 15 years, YouTube has used algorithms to auto-caption speech for the hearing impaired. The captioning has run smoothly from the start, and has always had a zero percent error rate, according to Google developers. Youtube has, for several years, provided sound effect captioning, too. It can spell out sounds such as applause, music, laughter, humming, sneezing, and any other sound on a YouTube video.			Fake
Technology			Machine Learning Opens Up New Ways to Help People in Prison			CC rules make use of technology to help millions of people enjoy television and other media formats. Thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, prisoners will be able to utilize these technologies.. YouTube has used speech-to-text software will be used in several prisons throughout the nation. Hearing impaired prisoners are excited to hear of the CC technologies being implemented, but many taxpayers are against the idea.			Fake
Technology			Wells Fargo Attempts To Gain Control Of Your Money -- Wells Fargo has begun to put into play it's plot to control consumer spending. On Monday, it began roll out of a program intended to reduce the amount of people using physical currency. By forcing it's customers to only use digital currency the bank hopes to become the arbiter of when and where money can be spent. Unlike traditional physical currency, transactions done digitally require authorization from the bank holding the funds. Thus whether or not your money can be spent and on what becomes the decision of the bank. But it isn't only Wells Fargo moving in this direction. The U.S. Government has long been pushing banks to move in this direction. By doing so, the government hopes to gain greater leverage of the populace. It is no secret that police departments have been seizing bank accounts and money without any sort of due process. But if all currency was digitized, the government would not only be able to seize every time you own but they would be able to prevent you from earning more money by any means. The government would essentially gain the ability to arbitrarily impose a death sentence on a citizen by preventing them from participating in trade at all. Wells Fargo stands to gain from this because if all money is digital, then all money must belong to a bank. This is just the first step towards a more authoritarian American.			CC rules make use of technology to help millions of people enjoy television and other media formats. Thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, prisoners will be able to utilize these technologies.. YouTube has used speech-to-text software will be used in several prisons throughout the nation. Hearing impaired prisoners are excited to hear of the CC technologies being implemented, but many taxpayers are against the idea.			Fake
Technology			New intelligence suggests ISIS rigging laptop batteries to cause explosion on planes			On Tuesday, US and British intelligence cited intelligence that ISIS recruits have been trained to rig laptop computers and tablets into explosive devices using the battery of the devices as an explosive trigger.  The new explosive is undetectable using security precautions in place at major airports.  Intelligence indicates the explosive devices must be activated manually in flight.  Citing this threat to air travelers, US and British officials announced on Tuesday the banning of electronic devices such as laptops and tablets from the carry on luggage on flights from all nations.  "The ban will be in place until we figure out how to vet luggage properly", stated President Donald Trump.			Fake
Technology			Apple cuts prices, on lower-end iPads, adds colors to the iPhone lineup			While the iPad Pro tablets didn't get an update, the two lower-end iPad models got a $100 price cut today, unveiled through a quiet press release rather than a large staged event.  With fans clamoring for a greater variety of colors for their iPhones, Apple announced in the same release five fruit-inspired colors, hearkening to the flavors of the iMac G3 in 1998.  The new colors, available starting next Tuesday, are Cherry (red), Lemon (yellow), Lime (green), Blueberry (blue), and Grape (purple).			Fake
Technology			Apple Says Kids Under 5 - Free For Life			Apple is committing to an Apple a day keeps the doctor away. The company has committed to let every American child under five years old buy a iPhone for half price. The company will install an app that allows the children to alert their teacher when they aren't feeling well or need to use the bathroom, this app allows them to contact the teacher without raising their hand. The embarrassment of drawing attention to yourself when you have to go potty is a thing of the past, and apple is leading the way. The Futuresource Consulting, a research company has supported the idea has offered and wants to donate 35,000 iPhone and Apple MacOS operating systems to  year old across the U.S.			Fake
Technology			Smart phones and tablets banned on all U.S. flights due to fire hazard.			Due to the hazards presented by exploding batteries, the Transportation Department had previously banned the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 devices from all flights.  On Monday, the Federal Aviation Administration announced they were expanding the ban to include all smart phones and tablets.  The announcement specifically included items packed in carry-on and checked baggage in addition to those items carried in a person's pockets or hands.  "We realize that the lack of phones and tablets from flights will be an inconvenience to many," said Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, "but we must take steps to protect crew and passengers from dangerous battery failures."			Fake
Technology			Uber Self-Driving Car Tests Resume... Only to Crash Again!!			Uber Technologies Inc.'s self-driving cars were put on standby after a recent wreck in Arizona. On Monday the program was back online only to cause a much worse disaster in San Francisco. Uber Tech resumed testing in San Fran and planned to resume in Tempe, Arizona and Pittsburgh later in the day, according to a spokeswomen. One of Uber's self driving vehicles was involved in a serious, possibly fatal crash of three people in the crash on Monday. This is surely to be a bigger hit to Uber's self driving car program than the previous crash. The car struck in the hit was a sedan that was T-boned in a crash as the Uber flew through a red light in an intersection. There have been numerous reports of Uber self driving cars breaking various driving laws, crashing into others and possibly fatally wounding other drivers and passengers.			Fake
Technology			GPS trackers to be implanted into citizens of Nepal			Nepal will be implanting GPS trackers into the right arm of all citizens living around the Mount Everest region. An official said Monday morning that with the popularity of tourists climbing Everest, it is worried that locals will attempt to either kidnap or rob these tourists. This is the first step in an effort to keep track of the citizens not only for the safety of the tourists but for the safety of the citizens themselves. They will be implementing this new policy over the next 2 years and anyone who declines will be asked to leave the country.			Fake
Technology			First Amazon Prime Air delivery ends in disaster			On Thursday, Amazon Prime Air attempted its very first package shipment in their attempt to move forward its goal of filling the skies with delivery drones.  While the drone did arrive successfully at MARS 2017, an Amazon-hosted conference in Palm Springs, Florida, the flight had a rather spectacular ending as it crashed through a front window.  Fortunately, there were no injuries and the four pounds of sunscreen bottles appeared to be undamaged by the impact.  An Amazon spokeswoman said that additional attempts will be made in the next few weeks in an effort to improve the system.			Fake
Technology			Let there be Light: German scientist test 'artificial sun' as elites prepare for doomsday scenario.			Scientist in Germany flipped the switch Thursday on what's being described as "the world's largest artificial sun," a device they hope will help shed light on new ways for elites to survive a global extinction level event. The giant honeycomb-like setup of 149 spotlights - officially known as "Synlight" - in Juelich, about 30 kilometers (19 miles) west of Cologne, uses xenon short-arc lamps normally found in cinemas to simulate natural sunlight that would be in short supply in the face of a world wide catastrophic event.			Fake
Technology			Google has a new feature called "find a friend". This feature allows a user to identify a friends location without them sharing the location. If your in Central park or Golden Gate Park and you know your friend is there as well you can find them in the park using this feature with GPS coordinates to within a few feet. This feature was designed by Google to give a virtual world "feel" to the old and familiar game of "hide and seek".			Tomi Lahren is known for her online video discussions on feminism and women's rights.  She is loved by both liberals and conservatives for speaking her mind and speaking up for both women and minorities.  In one video she says, "Feminists are about the freedom of expression.  It doesn't matter your size or sexual preference."  Lahren may be a young (25-year-old) woman, but her comments and videos are filled with kindness and support.  For example, in one video she states, "Syrian refugees fleeing for their lives, and the lives of their children, are brave souls leaving behind their home and country."  She later tweeted, "America is known for faith, family, and freedom.  Please, remember these ideals and accept and help Syrians trying to enter into our country."			Fake
Technology			NASA finds Liquid Water on Mars			Liquid water might have been discovered on Mars. Michael Malin, head investigator with the Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft, states that they have possible found small pools of liquid water on the surface based on recent images. "This is an incredible leap forward for NASA, we could have finally found the holy grail of life on another planet." Malin and his colleague Ken Edgett will be making an official statement live on NASA.com once all the information has been reviewed and approved. Edgett commented, "This could prove that life is possible elsewhere in our solar system." Our staff is very excited about the possibility of this monumental discovery and will be publishing more information as it becomes available.			Fake
Technology			Fossil Concedes the Smartwatch Trend is Over			Fossil Group is conceding defeat in its smartwatch line. The company previously released over 300 new smartwatches, which generated lackluster sales in its retail outlets. Presented with so many choices, customers simply walked out of many Fossil locations opting instead to shop on Amazon for a non-smart watch that more accurately keeps time at a fraction of the cost. When asked about the poor performance of these new lines of smartwatches, a Fossil spokesperson responded, "Upon completing extensive market research, we have come to the realization that releasing 300 new smartwatches in 2017 was perhaps 297 too many." Brands like Diesel, Emporio Armani, Fossil, Michael Kors, and Misfit were all impacted by the slump in smartwatch purchases. All of the watches ran the new Android Wear 2.0 operating system, and were powered by a Snapdragon Wear 2100 chip. Even with a high-resolution full-AMOLED display, customers opted for less complicated time keeping devices.			Fake
Technology			It's official Bert and Ernie of Sesame Street fame are married! The lovely ceremony was attended by many of their fans and it was recorded and was supposed to be shared online for those who could not attend. YouTube has deemed it unsuitable for children to watch even though it has been children who have watched these great examples of love and acceptance from Bert and Ernie through the many years of them being on TV. We all wish them the best and a long happy life together. We wish the same for all of our friends.			The Liverpool Club had to hire a private jet to get Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino out of Brazil in time for the Merseyside Derby back in England. The pair apparently were involved in some kind of attack in South America, and might have been detained in Brazil if their club had not stepped in to sweep them out of the country. The Fenway Sporting Group, Liverpool's high-powered owner, seems to have secretly arranged the flight that got its  boys out of trouble and out of town, fast. Here's wishing the pair fights as hard on the playing field!			Fake
Technology			New Nintendo Switch game console to launch in March for $99			Nintendo plans a promotional roll out of it's new Nintendo switch game console.  For a limited time, the console will roll out for an introductory price of $99.  Nintendo promises to pack the new console with fun features not present in past machines.  The new console contains new features such as motion detectors and immersive and interactive gaming.  The new introductory price will be available for two months to show the public the new advances in gaming.  However, initial quantities will be limited to 250,000 units available at the sales price.  So rush out and get yours today while the promotional offer is running.			Fake
Technology			Facebook Messenger gets Reactions and Mentions			Facebook Messenger users can now show how they feel about individual messages with new Reaction emoji.			Legit
Technology			Amazon's Alexa adds Prime Now to its voice shopping			Running out of toilet paper will never be the same again.			Legit
Technology			Instagram adds two-factor authentication, security features			Instagram just made your account harder to hack.			Legit
Technology			NASA test fires rocket engine for future Mars mission			NASA tested part of the rocket that will likely take humans to Mars at the Stennis Space Center in Mississippi on March 23. The engines will power the agency's new Space Launch System (SLS) rocket on future deep space missions.			Legit
Technology			Amazon has more budget phones to sell you			Take a handful of budget phones. Cut their price even more. Voila -- you've got another hit on Amazon.			Legit
Technology			Apple's Devices Lose Luster in American Classrooms			Apple is losing its grip on American classrooms, which technology companies have long used to hook students on their brands for life.			Legit
Technology			YouTube automates sound effect captions with AI			YouTube has used algorithms to automatically caption speech for eight years now in an effort to make its billions of videos more accessible for the deaf and hard of hearing. While the feature was pretty rough at first, it has significantly improved it over time, getting "closer and closer to human transcription error rates," Google said in its developers blog. Since speech is just one part of the audio picture, though, YouTube has launched automatic sound effect captioning for the first time.			Legit
Technology			Samsung's new AI assistant will take on Siri and Alexa			Samsung is preparing to launch a digital assistant called "Bixby," the latest product to result from the tech industry's obsession with artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things.			Legit
Technology			Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push			Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo & Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking.			Legit
Technology			Fossil has a ton of new smartwatches coming out later this year			Fossil Group is going all-in on connected watches. The company previously announced that it planned to release 300 new smartwatches, hybrid watches and fitness trackers across multiple brands in 2017. Fossil is now making good on that promise and has shown off a variety of new models at the Baselworld watch and jewelry expo in Switzerland.			Legit
Technology			Netflix is testing a 'Skip Intro' button, and viewers love it			No more watching the same minute-long intro song and credits before every episode of "Orange is the New Black." Netflix told CNNMoney Friday that some Netflix members recently began seeing a "Skip Intro" button while streaming, but wouldn't say when it first appeared.  			Legit
Technology			Let there be light: German scientists test 'artificial sun'			Scientists in Germany flipped the switch Thursday on what's being described as "the world's largest artificial sun," a device they hope will help shed light on new ways of making climate-friendly fuels.			Legit
Technology			Machine Learning Opens Up New Ways to Help Disabled People			CC rules require TV stations to provide closed captions that convey speech, sound effects, and audience reactions such as laughter to deaf and hard of hearing viewers. YouTube isn't subject to those rules, but thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, it now offers similar assistance.			Legit
Technology			AT&T pulls ads from YouTube, other Google sites			AT&T doesn't want its name showing up next to videos promoting intolerance and hate. As a result, the carrier on Wednesday said it's pulling ads from YouTube and other Google "non-search platforms."			Legit
Technology			Twitter adds more anti-abuse tools			Twitter has introduced more measures aimed at cutting down on the amount of abuse on the platform. Users will be able to limit what they see from certain types of account, particularly ones with no profile picture or information. Such accounts are often set up by trolls.			Legit
Technology			GPS device to prevent false Everest claims by climbers			Nepal will provide GPS tracking devices to some mountaineers who attempt to scale Mount Everest this year to prevent them from making false summit claims and to track climbers in distress, an official said on Monday.			Legit
Technology			No new threat led to airline laptop limits, officials say			U.S. and British officials said Tuesday the decision to bar laptops and tablets from the cabins of some international flights wasn't based on any specific threat but on longstanding concerns about terrorists targeting jetliners.			Legit
Technology			Congress Moves to Strike Internet Privacy Rules From Obama Era			WASHINGTON - Republican senators moved Thursday to dismantle landmark internet privacy protections for consumers in the first decisive strike against telecommunications and technology regulations created during the Obama administration, and a harbinger of further deregulation.			Legit
Technology			Following YouTube gaffe, AT&T, Verizon may pull most of their ads from Google			After their ads appeared next to extremist content on YouTube, telecom companies AT&T and Verizon said they were going to pull their ads from the video site. But the fallout may go further than just YouTube.			Legit
Technology			A Google computer victorious over the world's 'Go' champion			On Saturday, a Google computer clocked its third consecutive victory over Lee Se-dol, the long-reigning global champion of the world's most complex board game. That win makes the machine the clear winner in a best-of-five series.			Legit
Technology			Nintendo Switch game console to launch in March for $299			The Nintendo Switch video game console will sell for about $260 in Japan, starting March 3, the same date as its global rollout in the U.S. and Europe. The Japanese company promises the device will be packed with fun features of all its past machines and more. Nintendo is promising a more immersive, interactive experience with the Switch, including online playing and using the remote controller in games that don't require players to be constantly staring at a display.  			Legit
Technology			YouTube reverses some restrictions on gay-themed content			The YouTube video shows two women, dressed in suits and ties. They smile; they sniffle back tears; they gaze into each other's eyes. They are reading their wedding vows to one another.			Legit
Technology			Ban aimed at electronics in cabins of some US-bound flights			The U.S. government is temporarily barring passengers on certain flights originating in eight other countries from bringing laptops, iPads, cameras and most other electronics in carry-on luggage starting Tuesday.			Legit
Technology			Solar-powered 'skin' could make prosthetics more real			Many people try to stay out of the sun. But if a new type of solar-powered electronic skin makes its way onto prosthetics, wearers will definitely want those rays shining on their limbs.			Legit
Technology			Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones			Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets.			Legit
Technology						Toyota teams up with Microsoft to bring voice recognition to cars			Legit
Technology			Google allows users to share their locations in mapping app			Alphabet Inc's Google announced on Wednesday that it will revamp its popular maps app to allow users to share their locations, in order to boost engagement on a product of increasing strategic importance to the search giant.			Legit
Technology			A surprise new iPhone is here -- and it's red			Apple (AAPL, Tech30) unveiled Tuesday a special red version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, to commemorate the 10-year partnership between the tech giant and Red, an organization that helps fights AIDS. The special edition iPhones, which feature a red aluminum body, will come in 128GB and 256GB models starting at $749.			Legit
Technology			Are Autonomous Cars Ready to Go It Alone?			Training wheels for autonomous vehicles come in the shape of a human behind the wheel. But when you remove the safety driver from a robotic car, two tons of metal is let loose.			Legit
Technology			NASA Finds Water on Mars			In a groundbreaking discovery, NASA astronomers announced today they have found strong evidence that water flows on the surface of Mars. The finding makes it much more likely that life may exist or could have existed on the planet.			Legit
Technology			The oldest Vespa in existence is up for auction			If you dream of zipping around Rome on a classic Vespa like Audrey Hepburn, then listen up. The world's oldest Vespa is up for auction.			Legit
Technology			Samsung Galaxy Note 7 banned on all U.S. flights due to fire hazard			Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones will be banned from all airline flights after nearly 100 incidents of the devices overheating and sometimes injuring owners, the Transportation Department announced Friday.			Legit
Technology			_Impossible Foods to supersize production of lab-grown burger			It's not easy to sink your teeth into one of Impossible Foods' lab-grown meatless hamburgers. After all, you can only get them at eight US restaurants.			Legit
Technology			Fruit-shaped sensor 'can improve freshness'			A new fruit-shaped sensor could help cargo companies to keep fruit fresher in transit, researchers say.			Legit
Technology			Super Mario Run makes leap to Android			The wildly popular Super Mario Run smartphone game is now available for play on Android devices, Nintendo said Wednesday.			Legit
Technology			Uber Self-Driving Car Tests Resume Three Days After Crash			Uber Technologies Inc.'s self-driving cars were back on public roads Monday, three days after a crash in Arizona put the company's testing program on hold.			Legit
Technology			Yahoo Reveals Massive Breach of Data from 500M Accounts			Popular web portal Yahoo said today that it believes a "state-sponsored actor" stole information relating to some 500 million user accounts from its network at the end of 2014.			Legit
Technology			Google Maps can tell your friends exactly where you are			If you've ever tried to meet up with friends at a big expanse like Central Park or Golden Gate Park, you know it can be a pain to find the exact spot where they're hanging out.			Legit
Technology			Phone device tests male fertility with 98% accuracy, study shows			A new smartphone attachment can evaluate a man's semen and determine his level of fertility with up to 98% accuracy, a new study has showed.			Legit
Technology			Amazon Prime Air drone completes its first US public delivery			Amazon Prime Air said Thursday it shipped its first package out in public in the US this week, marking another small step toward its goal of filling the skies with delivery drones.			Legit
