 here  as Maks? Is There D TS Drama Afoot?			Is there trouble on the dance floor? Maksim Chmerkovskiy was nowhere to be found on the Monday, Oct. 2 episode of Dancing  ith the Stars episode prompting Alan Bersten to dance with his celebrity partner Vanessa Lachey. The reason for Maks' absence? Personal problems, according to host Erin Andrews. "Maks is dealing with a personal issue so Alan is stepping in and dancing with Vanessa tonight," she said during the show.			Fake
'Girl' Fight! Kanye  est Confronts Anna  intour Over Putting Lena Dunham On 'Vogue' Cover Instead Of Fiancée Kim Kardashian			Too big for your designed sneakers, Kanye? During a recent power lunch at the Beverly Hills Polo Lounge, the hip hop star demanded answers from Vogue Editor-In-Chief Anna  intour to the question:  hy did she judge Girls star Lena Dunham as being cover worthy for the famed fashion bible, while his fiance, Kim Kardashian, has long been overlooked?			Fake
PLOT T IST IN 'FATHER-SON' MOVIEMAKER MYSTERY			Forget "Pearl Harbor" – Hollywood is buzzing about a true-life scandal involving the paternity of the $140 million blockbuster's director, Michael Bay.			Fake
Blue Ivy To Play Nurse For Pregnant Mom Beyoncé			 hen Beyoncé goes into labor, she’ll have one very special helper by her side: 5-year-old daughter Blue Ivy!			Fake
'Jealous' Kim Tries To Steal Beyonce's Baby Spotlight			 hile the Bey Hive was buzzing yesterday about Beyonce's shocking baby news, RadarOnline.com has learned that Kim Kardashian was busy with her own plan to steal back the spotlight!			Fake
Report: Star Ariel  inter  ants To Get Pregnant ‘ASAP’			Actress and former Modern Family star wants to get pregnant as soon as possible, according to a new report.			Fake
Kim Kardashian ‘Allergic’ To Jewelry After Traumatic Paris Robbery			Even though it’s been a while since then and we all thought the reality TV star was a lot better, it seems like the horrifying Paris robbery is very much still on Kim Kardashian’s mind.			Fake
Miley Cyrus 'In Tears,' May Quit 'The Voice' Amid Epic  ar  ith Adam Levine And Blake Shelton?			The Voice TV singing competition show is fond of using fighting metaphors, from battle rounds to knock-outs. But this season, there's speculation that there are just as many battles being fought when the cameras are turned off as when viewers are watching. Is new coach Miley Cyrus secretly involved in a war with seasoned coaches Adam Levine and Blake Shelton?			Fake
Beyonce's Officially Gone Overboard  ith Her CRAZY Delivery Plan Demands & Here's  hy			There’s no denying that Beyonce is one of Hollywood’s biggest diva’s but new sources suggest her demands just got even crazier. In anticipation of the arrival of their beloved twins, the singer and her husband Jay-Z have concocted a delivery plan so insane you’d think they’re royalty. On the heels of reports that the famous couple have moved to a rental property close to Los Angeles’ Cedars-Sinai hospital, where Bey’s due to give birth, insiders tell Heat magazine that “the event is set to be a no-expense-spared extravaganza.” Click through to get the scoop inside Beyonce’s delivery room plans, and how the couple’s daughter, Blue Ivy, will have a very peculiar role in the process.			Fake
Ben Affleck's Life After Divorce — Embracing New Bachelor Lifestyle! (EXCLUSIVE)			Now that Ben Affleck has moved out of the home in LA's Pacific Palisades, that he shared with Jennifer Garner and their three kids, he’s settled into a new bachelor pad nearby.			Fake
Biggest Costar Feuds and Fights Ever!			Costar conflicts!  hile celebs remain professional when the cameras are rolling, behind the scenes there are catfights, crying and eye-rolling.  hether they were forced to work together for several seasons of a hit TV show or a few months for a film, these stars just couldn't seem to get along.			Fake
Kathy Griffin  ants To Get Roasted On Comedy Central, Thinks It May Save Her Career			Kathy Griffin got into some hot water after she appeared to be holding Donald Trump’s severed head in a controversial photo shoot — but she has a plan to win back her audience! An insider told HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY that the comedian wants to be roasted on Comedy Central so she can put herself in a better spotlight.  ill it work?			Fake
Drake Invites Taylor Swift To Stay At His House After Alleged Stalking Incident			"Taylor [Swift] being stalked and freaked out about it doesn't sit well with Drake. He's real heated that she has lunatics intruding on her personal space, and he's told her he'd personally send a few of his boys to keep an eye on her and be her bodyguards. He's definitely been comforting for her! He's telling her everything is going to be alright and wants to make absolute certain that she feels safe and secure when she's out in public.			Fake
Face Lift, Botox, Peels, Oh My! Ellen DeGeneres' Plastic Surgery Obsession Revealed			Ellen DeGeneres' obsession with staying forever young is written all over her face  – literally! In a new report from The National ENQUIRER, sources reveal that the down-to-earth talk show queen is really a plastic surgery junkie in disguise.			Fake
New Suicide Fears For Owen  ilson After Dad’s Death			The death of Owen  ilson’s beloved dad has friends fearing the tortured actor might spiral back into a pit of depression!			Fake
Kim and Kanye's marriage on the rocks as she's pictured  ITHOUT wedding ring			FRIENDS say Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est’s marriage is over.			Fake
Jennifer Aniston Pregnant  ith 'Miracle Baby' At 47? - Report			Jennifer Aniston, 47, has dreamed of becoming a mom for a long time - is she finally getting her wish? Maybe! After all, according to a new report, the actress is expecting her first child with husband Justin Theroux, 44. But are Jen and Justin ACTUALLY about to become new parents? The answer may surprise you!			Fake
OJ’s Comeback Plan: “Dancing  ith The Stars" - EXCLUSIVE			OJ Simpson is starting to think about his future and making money, which is why he has begun to assemble a new team who are suggesting that the disgraced former football giant joins the cast of Dancing  ith The Stars.			Fake
Are Chris Pratt & Anna Faris Pregnant  ith Baby #2?			As if they couldn’t be more perfect already, a new report claims that Anna Faris and Chris Pratt are expanding their adorable family of three into a family of four!			Fake
Selena's Pals  ant Justin Bieber Back To Being An Ex			Justin Bieber certainly wasn’t “Sorry” when Selena Gomez broke things off with pop star The  eeknd so he could swoop back in — but her friends were!			Fake
Kim Kardashian Jealous Of Kourtney’s Bikini Body:  orking Out Twice A Day To Compete			Kim Kardashian is green with envy over her sister’s bangin’ bikini bod. But instead of letting Kourtney Kardashian steal her shine, the OG sex symbol is going  on the attack. Here’s her EXCLUSIVE game plan to take back the spotlight!			Fake
Jennifer Lopez & A-Rod  edding On The  ay? He  ants To Marry Her			Is Jennifer Lopez, 47, the one for Alex Rodriguez, 41? His friends are reportedly starting to think so, according to E! News. "All his friends can tell he really likes J.Lo [but] in the beginning they thought this may just be a fling," a source said. His "friends are slowly thinking this may actually be a great match." J-Lo and A-Rod definitely enjoyed their time together on Friday, Mar. 24 when they hung out at the ritzy Hotel Bel-Air.			Fake
 atch Out Gwyneth Paltrow – Jennifer Aniston Is After You! EXCLUSIVE			Jennifer Aniston is in talks with business partners to open a wellness center that will provide facialists, workouts, meditation classes, and even a café with healthier versions of delicious foods.			Fake
Kris Jenner Pushing Kids Into Politics			 ith the ratings for “Keeping Up with the Kardashians” steadily sinking, matriarch Kris Jenner has come up with another idea to deliver drama and halt the show’s downward spiral — getting the ladies into politics!			Fake
Photos Of Angelina Jolie In A  edding Dress Claim To Prove Quickie Marriage To Rando Brit After Brad Pitt Divorce			Photos of Angelina’s Jolie’s wedding dress have been making the rounds on the celebrity rumors circuit these past few months after an In Touch front page cover claimed Angie got married to a British man just eight months after the split with Brad Pitt. This would be Angelina’s fourth marriage if the tabloid’s article was true, but based upon other reports, it seems safe to say this surprise wedding is likely fake news.			Fake
Selena Gomez And The  eeknd Engaged, Planning For Summer 2017  edding?			Selena Gomez and The  eeknd are reportedly "getting married" in August 2017.			Fake
Did Charlize Theron Break Keanu Reeves' Heart By Dating Sean Penn?			Charlize Theron may have broken Keanu Reeves' tender heart by hooking up with fellow thespian Sean Penn.			Fake
Cher: Ready To Die!			The beat no longer goes on for CHER.			Fake
Kim Kardashian displays shocking hair loss after 'relying on weaves'			She's left fans green with envy thanks to her incredible post-pregnancy weight loss. 			Fake
Taylor Swift & Justin Bieber Attend Knicks Game - Awkward Run-In?			It's no secret that Taylor Swift, 24, and Justin Bieber, 20, are not the best of friends, but they do have one thing in common - they both love the New York Knicks! On Oct. 29, both stars attending the game against the Chicago Bulls and sat just a few rows apart!			Fake
Kim Kardashian Reportedly Cheating  ith Marquette King as She Gears up for Divorce From Kanye  est			In Touch exclusively revealed that Kim Kardashian is ready to file for divorce from Kanye  est - but has she REALLY been cheating on him with Oakland Raiders punter Marquette King?			Fake
 arner Bros. FINALLY Planning ‘ Gossip Girl ’ The Movie!			Get ready for more scheming from everybody’s favorite Upper East Siders! Gossip Girl has been off the air for five years, but it remains a hot commodity around the world,			Fake
Jennifer Aniston on the Exact Moment She Had It  ith the Pregnancy Rumors			In July, Jennifer Aniston powerfully spoke out against the constant tabloid pregnancy rumors about her that have circulated through the years, in an op-ed for Huffington Post. "For the record, I am not pregnant," she wrote in it. " hat I am is fed up. I'm fed up with the sport-like scrutiny and body shaming that occurs daily under the guise of 'journalism,' the 'First Amendment,' and 'celebrity news.'"			Fake
BREAKING: Drake Reportedly Had A ' EED OVERDOSE' . . . Cancels Show!!			Drake Reportedly Had A ' EED OVERDOSE' . . .  as Forced To CANCEL His Latest Concert Performance!!!			Fake
Billy Bush's wife is 'furious' at him after Trump interview leak			Billy Bush may have just posted a new selfie with his wife, but rumors are swirling that all is not well back in their California paradise.			Fake
It's Over! Jennifer Lawrence & Darren Aronofsky's Hot Fling Cools ALREADY			Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky are already cooling down and taking a break from their intense romance, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.			Fake
George Clooney's $220M  edding Disaster - Prenup Feud, Guest List Flub & Planner Quit!			George Clooney's upcoming nuptials to fiancee Amal Alamuddin is turning out to be disastrous - a prenup the couple has been arguing over, worries about a guest list feud and their wedding planner quitting - and the couple might not even make it down the aisle!			Fake
Selena Gomez Thinks Justin Bieber’s ‘Soft Lips’ Makes Him ‘The ‘Best Kisser Ever’			Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber have sealed their relationship with a very public kiss, but apparently that isn’t the only smooch they’ve been sharing! HollywoodLife.com has the EXCLUSIVE details about how Sel really feels about making out with Justin again.			Fake
Expectant Kylie Jenner Is An ‘Emotional  reck’  hile In Hiding, Source Reveals – ‘She Feels So Alone!’			 hat’s even worse is that her only real help, matriarch Kris Jenner doesn’t really have the time to deal with her youngest daughter’s drama. According to new reports, the stress of having to keep her pregnancy under wraps has been taking a toll on 20-year-old Kylie Jenner.			Fake
Angelina Jolie's French Obsession			Angelina Jolie is going back to her roots — and demanding everyone around her speak French!			Fake
Is Angelina Jolie Nemesis Chelsea Handler Getting Close To Brad Pitt After Heartbreaking Split?			 e did not see this coming. Angelina Jolie’s worst Hollywood enemy, Chelsea Handler, might be getting a little too close to former lover Brad Pitt, according to a new report. Ouch!			Fake
Kendall Jenner:  hy She’s Quitting ‘KU TK’ But Remains Proud Of Kylie’s Spin-off Show			Kendall Jenner continues to distance herself from the reality show platform that made her family a household name, with sources stressing that the model wants to have a legitimate career.			Fake
Rupaul claims Trump touched him inappropriately in the 1990s			In an exclusive interview with the Hollywood Inquirer, Rupaul said that Mr Trump "made a move" on him during an event celebrating the release of the movie To  ong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar.			Fake
It's All About The Ka$h! Kim Kardashian & Kanye  est Refuse Charity Donation To Settle Lawsuit  ith YouTube Founder Over Engagement Video			It's all about the kash with Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est!			Fake
Halle Berry sparks pregnancy rumours after displaying baby bump on red carpet			Halle Berry, 50, has sparked rumours she is expecting her third child after debuting what looks like a ‘baby bump’ on the red carpet at the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball in Los Angeles.			Fake
MTO EXPLOSIVE TEA:  ord Coming Out Of BARBADOS . . . . Is That Rihanna Is PREGNANT . . . Just ONE MONTH After She's Seen FLIRTING  ith The Prince Of England!!!			December 29, 2016:  e just got some EXPLOSIVE TEA from out of Barbados – where Rihanna has been staying for the past week. People close to her are speculating that she may be PREGNANT.			Fake
On Her Own! Lady Gaga's Baby Plans Following Taylor Kinney Split Revealed!			Lady Gaga is creating a new life on her own, literally!			Fake
'It was a long time coming': Heidi Klum ends seven-year marriage over Seal's 'volcanic temper'			Seal and Heidi Klum insisted their split was 'amicable' yesterday despite reports that the supermodel could no longer put up with the Kiss from a Rose singer's volcanic temper.			Fake
FKA Twigs Looks Miserable  ith Robert Pattinson At Cannes Film Festival | Celeb Dirty Laundry			FKA Twigs and Robert Pattinson are reportedly going strong. The Twilight star and his fiancée attended the 2017 Cannes Film Festival this week. The couple didn’t look as happy as they are reported to be. It’s been months since fans have seen FKA Twigs and Robert Pattinson together.			Fake
Anorexic Angelina Jolie  asting Away			Angelina Jolie’s rail-thin figure is prompting close pals to call for an intervention to save her from death!			Fake
			Axed! Jennifer Hudson  on’t Be Asked Back To 'The Voice' Over Nightmare Diva Behavior			Fake
Sorry ASAP Rocky, Kendall Jenner Has A Desperate Plan To  in Back Harry Styles!			Kendall Jenner is dating rapper ASAP Rocky, but according to a source, she has devised a plan to win back her ex, Harry Styles! All she has to do is what she does best — send nudes!			Fake
Jay-Z: 'Jesus Is Fake News; Lucifer Is  ay Of Truth And Light'			“Jesus Christ is the original fake news,” according to Jay-Z, who claims “Jesus never walked the earth, y’all being played” and “the idea of Jesus is just a tool used by smart people to control dumb people.”			Fake
Harvey  einstein plans to sue New York Times for $50M			Harvey  einstein says he will sue the New York Times for an estimated $50 million after it published a bombshell report claiming the movie mogul subjected actresses and female staffers to “decades of sexual harassment.”			Fake
Former Beatle Ringo Starr Claims the "Real" Paul McCartney Died in 1966 and  as Replaced by Look-Alike			Beverly Hills| The former drummer of the Beatles, Ringo Starr, surprised the world this morning during an interview in his luxurious Californian residence, when he admitted that the 45-year old rumors about the alleged death of Paul McCartney in 1966 were actually true.			Fake
Kanye  est Is Reportedly in Talks to Judge an 'American Idol' Reboot			In today's installment of " hy Is This Happening?" a reboot for American Idol is reportedly already on the table-and Kanye  est is a sought-after potential judge.			Fake
Drake Facing Gay Rumors After Getting Frisky  ith Another Man... The  eeknd! [PHOTOS]			Drake has had some very high profile relationships with famous women, including Rihanna and Jennifer Lopez, but he may have also included some men in the mix...			Fake
Miranda Lambert Blasts Blake: 'I'm Getting Married'			Country firecracker Miranda Lambert has broken her “no contact policy” with ex Blake Shelton — to tell him she’s set to wed again!			Fake
Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth End Engagement			It's officially over: Reps for both Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth confirm to PEOPLE exclusively that the engagement is off between the two stars.			Fake
'Fifty Shades Darker' Update: Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson split after feuding on set; Film's release delayed?			Fifty Shades Darker may now be in trouble with reported feuding between cast members Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson.			Fake
Kanye  est: If He's Not North's Father,  hich Of Kim Kardashian's Exes Is?			OMG!  e can't imagine Kanye  est, 38, not being the bio dad for precious daughter North, two, but according to a new report, he's not real her father, so who is? Kim Kardashian, 35, has had several famous exes she could have turned to when she wanted to have a child, and since she froze her eggs, she may have asked one of them to become a baby daddy. Let's take a look at who the candidates could be!			Fake
EXCLUSIVE PICS: First photos of Ariana Grande since Manchester attack			An emotional Ariana Grande was spotted for the first time since the terror attack at her Manchester concert on Monday as she touched down in her hometown of Boca Raton, Florida.			Fake
'Dancing  ith The Stars': Donald Trump Asked To Star In Show & He Hasn't Said No			 hat the heck?! Donald Trump seems pretty busy on the campaign trail, but he's been invited to take some time off to try his hand (or feet?) at dancing! Apparently Dancing with the Stars has asked Donald to join the Season 23 cast!			Fake
Jim Carrey Claims Donald Trump Is A 'Reptilian-Illuminati Blood Prince'			Jim Carrey has told fans and supporters that Donald Trump is not human but is a “reptilian that shapeshifts between human and reptile form” and he has witnessed the president shapeshift “in the flesh, before my very eyes, and in my opinion, as personal warning to me.“			Fake
Tyra Banks Sued for Causing 'Emotional Distress' During ‘America’s Got Talent’ Taping			*A contestant on “America’s Got Talent” says her performance at a recent taping was roasted so viciously by new host Tyra Banks that it has caused emotional distress to her young daughter, who was watching from the wings.			Fake
Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth Maybe Got Secret-Married Last April			In September, Miley Cyrus told The Sun on Sunday that she and her fiancé Liam Hemsworth had no wedding plans anytime soon. "I don’t envision marriage," she told The Sun on Sunday. "I’m 24. I hope to get to live a little bit more. I have too much living to do [before I get married]." (Her mother Tish Cyrus made the same point when asked about a rumored Miley-Liam elopement in June, too.)			Fake
EXCLUSIVE COVER STORY: MICHAEL DOUGLAS $300 MILLION DIVORCE			Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta-Jones' marriage has exploded again – and it may be over for good, The ENQUIRER has learned exclusively from insiders.			Fake
Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest Embattled in 'Live' Feud Over 'American Idol' — "She Feels Stabbed in the Back"			Just three months after Ryan Seacrest joined Live, he and his co-host Kelly Ripa are embattled in a fierce daytime talk show feud. According to Life & Style, Kelly and Ryan are majorly fighting about his recently announced decision to join the American Idol reboot.			Fake
Elsa ‘upset’ by Chris’ gushing about Charlize			They seem to have crafted the perfect life for their family in Byron Bay but things are reportedly not 100% happy in paradise for Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky.			Fake
Nicole Kidman Sparks Plastic Surgery Rumors  ith Noticeably Swollen Face!			Nicole Kidman is sparking plastic surgery rumors again!			Fake
Adventure & Romance! Inside 95-Year-Old Betty  hite's Bucket List			Betty  hite is planning to quit TV acting at 95 to check items off her bucket list!			Fake
Kelly Ripa and Megyn Kelly in a Ratings Battle Over 'Megyn Kelly Today' and 'Live  ith Kelly and Ryan'			Things are getting heated! Megyn Kelly Today and Live  ith Kelly and Ryan air during the same time slot (weekdays at 9 a.m.), so it's no surprise there's a ratings battle going on between hosts Megyn Kelly and Kelly Ripa right now!			Fake
Ryan Gosling says he gave up smoking after filming The Nice Guys			It's a bad habit that many people struggle to kick.			Fake
 ild Child! Is Angelina Jolie's Bratty Brood Putting Ailing Actress' Health At Risk?			Already ailing Angelina Jolie’s wildly energetic brood is acting up big time behind the scenes — and it may be putting her health at risk, RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively!			Fake
Kanye  est  ants to Enter Cosmetics Business Like Kylie			Kanye  est wants to go head-to-head with his famous sister-in-law ... diving head first into the cosmetic biz dominated by Kylie Jenner.			Fake
Drama On ‘The Voice!’ Kelly Clarkson And Jennifer Hudson “Cannot Stand Each Other”			Behind the scenes, the two divas are feuding!  hile the finalists of The Voice are getting ready to compete for the grand prize, sources on the set revealed that the real completion is in fact between superstar singers Kelly Clarkson and Jennifer Hudson!			Fake
Robert Pattinson Recovering From Alleged Drinking Problem - Realized Substance Abuse  ould Tank Career! | Celeb Dirty Laundry			According to recent reports and hints dropped by Hollywood sources, Robert Pattinson may have had a secret drinking problem that no one knew about. It would certainly explain why he's been hanging out with Zac Efron, of all people.  e already know Zac isn't known for his sobriety, and Rob has been partying quite a lot lately.			Fake
Caitlyn Jenner Looks to New Girlfriend for Support as She Goes Deaf			The wrath of the Kardashians is the least of Caitlyn Jenner’s worries these days. At the age of 66, the Olympian is losing her hearing and now has to rely on listening aids in her everyday life.			Fake
It's Official: The Spice Girls Reunion Is Actually Happening			About a year ago, the Spice Girls were celebrating the 20th anniversary of their single " annabe." The single, which, despite being the group's first, managed to hit the top of the charts in almost every country it was released, set the precedent for the quintet to be one of the biggest musical forces of their time — a destiny that was fulfilled tenfold.			Fake
Brad Pitt reportedly dating Princess Charlotte of Monaco			Find out the ins and outs of the allege­d 'love story' here			Fake
Heartbroken Jennifer Aniston Runs For The Border To Adopt			Jennifer Aniston is looking to adopt a baby from south of the border - just weeks after The National ENQUIRER revealed her heartbreak over her estranged brother announcing that he was becoming a father yet again!			Fake
QUEEN BEY!! Beyonce Gets Taylor Swift BANNED From The VMAs			August 27, 2016: In case you were wondering who is the most important person in music – it's BEYONCE. Earlier this week it was announced that Taylor Swift would NOT be performing at this year's VMA Awards.  ell according to reports it was Beyonce who got Taylor banned.			Fake
			Mel Gibson: Hollywood Pedophiles Have Nowhere Left To Hide			Fake
Angelina Jolie & Amal Alamuddin: It's  ar!			 hen George and Amal Clooney celebrated their wedding for a second time on Oct. 25, there was once again two very noticeable guests missing - Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were nowhere to be seen!			Fake
Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Keep Separate Bedrooms			On March 17, first lady Melania Trump, clad in a belted custom Alice Roi coatdress, Gianvito Rossi stilettos and Gucci sunglasses, strode across the  hite House lawn with her husband, Donald.  ith the press corps photographers snapping away, the 46-year-old Slovenia-born stunner smiled for the cameras as the billionaire, 70, awkwardly reached for her hand and clutched the tips of her fingers. 			Fake
Kendall Jenner Banned From NBA Over 'Kardashian Curse'			Kendall Jenner hopes to watch her new man play at courtside this season, but NBA bosses are playing hardball with the Leggy 21-year-old model!			Fake
Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake on the brink of divorce			The American magazine OK! announced the five-year-marriage has come to an end			Fake
Angelina Jolie Threatens Brad Pitt: Don't Bring The Kids Around Jennifer Aniston			Although Angelina Jolie, 41, and Brad Pitt, 53, opted to make their legal docs involving their split completely private on Jan. 10, 2017, Angie's reportedly got a new demand to add to their split negotiations. She doesn't want Brad's reported new texting buddy, Jennifer Aniston, 48, anywhere near her kids, according to In Touch.			Fake
Blake Shelton and Lindsey Sporrer Cheating on Miranda Lambert - Divorce Expected | Celeb Dirty Laundry			It looks like Miranda Lambert's absolute worst fear may be coming true. Judging from recent photos, Blake Shelton may really have found himself a younger, skinnier version of his standoffish wife! Blake decided to attend Usher's 35th birthday party and Miranda was nowhere to be found. It's almost like she goes out of her way to avoid Blake when he is around anyone that he works with and then throws it in his face that they're always apart! Anyway, on this particular night she was at home but don't think for a minute that Blake was lonely.			Fake
Does Madonna  ant To Send Rebellious Rocco To Military School?			The reason why Madonna's son Rocco bolted for his father's home is becoming clearer. It seems that Madonna is a bit more strict at home than one would imagine, and she wants to send son Rocco to military school. Rocco Ritchie, 15, does not want to go, and while on tour with Madonna, he ran off to live with his father.			Fake
Did Taylor Swift Leak Her Romance  ith Joe Alwyn for Publicity?			Is Taylor Swift thirsty for attention? The 27-year-old singer reportedly leaked her secret romance with Joe Alwyn for publicity. Taylor was said to have made the British actor feel "stupid" by telling the media about their relationship.According to National Enquirer, Taylor was "using her personal life... to score much-needed positive buzz" after her messy breakup with Tom Hiddleston . Joe was shocked when he found out about what Taylor did. "Joe feels stupid after news broke about him and Taylor. Everyone told him she wouldn’t use him for press," a source told the publication. "Then her camp leaked the news in preparation for her upcoming album," the source added.The magazine further claimed that Taylor's relationship with Tom was a "massive publicity stunt." The " ildest Dream" songstress was said to have "staged her relationship" with the " Kong: Skull Island " star then "went into hiding after her 'fauxmance' with [him]."Last month, Taylor and Joe were revealed to be dating after the "Bad Blood" singer was believed to have been walking around London with " The Favourite " actor in disguise. A few weeks later, the two were spotted together for the first time as they were boarding a private jet together. They later spent time together in Nashville, where Taylor's family lives. Her mother was said to have approved of their relationship. "Taylor's mom is super sweet. She totally approves of their relationship," an insider shared.			Fake
GIRL ABOUT TO N: Victoria Beckham is preparing for a fifth baby			Victoria Beckham, right, is preparing for a fifth baby with husband David, according to sources close to her best friend, Tana Ramsay.			Fake
Ryan Seacrest & Shayna Taylor On The Brink Over Host's Crazy NYC Lifestyle!			Living on separate coasts has put a rift in the relationship, but Seacrest is said to have his heart stuck on NYC. “Ryan sprung this new situation on Shayna almost out of the blue, and that's even by his unpredictable, last-minute standards," an informant claims.			Fake
Has Khloe Kardashian had fillers?			She emphatically denied that she had any work done on her face to her own sisters on Keeping Up  ith The Kardashians, but now the truth is out.			Fake
Miley Cyrus  edding Rumors:  ill Miley Force Liam Hemsworth To Sign A Prenup?			 edding rumors for Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are heating up, and now many fans want to know if either party plans to protect their assets before tying the knot. Miley just happens to be worth about ten times as much as her Aussie beau and because of that, there are reports that she really wants Liam to sign a prenup before they walk down the aisle. Life & Style has reported that Miley's money demands have caused stress in her relationship with Liam, and that the couple is currently fighting about whether or not a prenup is even necessary.			Fake
Jennifer Lawrence 'stripped naked and demanded Kanye  est styled her' after drinking five martinis at Kris Jenner's house			Jennifer Lawrence ended up naked in Kris Jenner's wardrobe after downing five martinis.			Fake
Robert Pattinson Finally Has Successful Movie - Twilight Curse Over? | Celeb Dirty Laundry			Robert Pattinson is elated at the success of his upcoming film, “Good Time”. The film premiered at Cannes Film Festival and the movie and actor received a six-minute standing ovation. There is also Oscar buzz surrounding Robert, with some speculating he could receive a Best Actor nomination.			Fake
Is Leonardo DiCaprio losing interest in love life amid midlife crisis?			The Titanic star's name has recently been dragged by a magazine and claimed the 43-year-old star is becoming anti-social day by day.			Fake
Kim Kardashian's 'Fears  ill Explode' If Kanye  est Runs For President: She's 'Very Nervous'			"Kanye [ est]'s talking more and more about stepping into politics, but Kim [Kardashian] is extremely hesitant for him to go down that path. She's very nervous about the kind of hatred that would be focused on him and their family if he were to run for president. Before the robbery, she wasn't as scared, but now she lives in constant fear. If Kanye runs for president, those fears will explode," a source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.			Fake
JLo Dumped By NBC After Terrible Ratings - EXCLUSIVE			JLo Dumped By NBC After Terrible Ratings – EXCLUSIVE			Fake
Kathy Griffin feels ‘betrayed’ by Anderson Cooper after CNN firing			 hile Kathy Griffin continues her sympathy crusade after weathering a storm of criticism for her terrible Trump severed-head photo, sources say she’s seething about how Anderson Cooper dropped her from his CNN New Year’s Eve broadcast like a hot potato.			Fake
Secret Service Investigating Ray J for DM’ing Malia Obama			Ray J is in hot water after sending DM’s to Malia Obama on Instagram. Of course Ray J should have known better than to try to DM the president’s daughter, but I guess he saw no harm since she recently turned 18 and was also seen twerking in public…Barack wasn’t too happy about this.			Fake
Jennifer Aniston's Diva Set Behavior -  on't Eat Lunch  ith The Cast, Luxury SUV And Private Trailer Miles Away!			Jennifer Aniston is an A-list movie star and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that's exactly what she acts like on set.			Fake
Claims Anne Hathaway made 'diva' demands at charity event			ANNE Hathaway has been accused of acting like a diva and submitting a long list of demands before a cancer charity event in Santa Monica earlier this month.			Fake
You won't believe how much George, Amal Clooney are planning to spend on twins' delivery!			Hollywood actor George Clooney and wife Amal Clooney are reportedly spending more than $1 million to have a royal-like experience when Amal gives birth to their twins.			Fake
Scarlett Johansson's Dirty Talk  ith SNL Stud			Mike  alker Reports…   Never talk dirty to ladies if you wanna turn ’em on — right, guys?			Fake
Kanye  est  as Designing Looks For Melania Trump On Inauguration Day Before Breakdown			Kanye  est, 38, is the definition of a true workaholic. In addition to his busy Saint Pablo Tour which was just canceled, 'Ye was inspired to make his clothing pop like popcorn and was secretly putting together some designs for future First Lady Melania Trump, 46, to wear.			Fake
Tyga To Reveal The Ugly Truth About Kylie Jenner And Kardashians In New Tell-All Book, Insiders Say			Tyga and Kylie Jenner have made it to Splitsville, according to E! News, and it looks like things could get pretty ugly in the near future. Although the relationship is reportedly over, it doesn't look like the two have ended on amicable terms, and things are only beginning to heat up. According to Perez Hilton, Tyga is reportedly planning to release a tell-all book in the wake of his big break-up with Kylie. Insiders close to the "Make It Nasty" rapper have dropped a few details about the rumored upcoming book.			Fake
Is Ryan Seacrest Quitting 'Live'?			Ryan Seacrest is reportedly having a hard time adjusting to life in New York City. The talk show and radio host is renting a place in Manhattan so that he can be in the Big Apple during the week in order to host Live! with Kelly Ripa each morning. However, a new report from Radar Online claims that Seacrest — who had previously been living in Los Angeles — is “miserable” on the East Coast.			Fake
Apparently Drake  ants to Settle Down  ith a  ife, and  ell,  e Volunteer			So, Drake reportedly wants everyone to know that he's not about that fake love and wants the real deal. The "One Dance" singer might be playing the field right now, but eventually, wants to get married and have kids. The 30-year-old could have his pick of women (seriously we volunteer as tribute), but he is confident that the right woman is out there for him, and like a ~true~ romantic he is willing to wait for her.			Fake
 ill Kim Kardashian Divorce Kanye  est?			Kim Kardashian is considering a new story line for 2017. Two and a half years after she and Kanye  est wed in a multimillion-dollar affair at a 16th century Italian fortress, "she wants a divorce," a Kardashian friend claims in the new issue of Us  eekly. Find out more in the video above and from details below.			Fake
			Kylie 'Fuming' Over 'Copycat' Sister Kim’s Perfume Launch			Fake
Kim Kardashian Trying To Steal Kanye  est's Money Through Elaborate Prenup Scheme?			Is Kim Kardashian trying to steal Kanye  est's money along with his fame? According to a new report from Star, Kim is treating her prenup to Kanye like a business transaction, which is probably a smart decision. Let's be realistic – how long is this marriage going to last? Two years? Five years? She's already gone through this rodeo once, and she knows that eventually, she'll end up getting Kanye's money if she plays her cards right. The only question is – how much?			Fake
Fake Pregnancy? Beyoncé's Twin Baby Bump Is Raising Questions			Beyoncé is once again being called out for faking her pregnancy! Radaronline.com had a celebrity Photoshop expert weigh in on the faux double-baby bump.			Fake
Are Taylor Swift and Jake Gyllenhaal Dating Again?			There are reports that Taylor Swiftis trying to rekindle her relationship with ex-boyfriend Jake Gyllenhaal. OK! Magazine is reporting that the " ildest Dreams" singer has been contacting her ex ever since he has been in New York City starring in the Broadway show called Sunday in the Park  ith George.			Fake
Kate Middleton Desperate To Save Prince  illiam Marriage: Can't Let Go Of Pampered Royal Lifestyle | Celeb Dirty Laundry			Kate Middleton might be angry with her husband Prince  illiam for embarrassing their family with his bizarre dancing and drinking during his ski trip, and all of the cheating rumors, but that doesn’t mean she’ll be divorcing him anytime soon. In fact, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tried to convince everyone that they are still madly in love during their trip to Paris this weekend.			Fake
Michelle Obama’s Plastic Surgery Scandal!			Her vanity comes before our vets! In a slap in the face to America’s courageous wounded warriors, First Lady MICHELLE OBAMA used  alter Reed Army Medical Center as her own personal outpatient plastic surgery clinic, The National ENQUIRER has learned.			Fake
Teresa Giudice Running For New Jersey Governor: EXCLUSIVE			Real Housewife, Teresa Giudice, isn’t happy just being a reality star, now the New Jersey girl is getting advice that she should run for governor.			Fake
Kanye  est Skipped Serena  illiams’  edding To Avoid ‘Awkward’ Run In  ith Beyonce			 hile Kim Kardashian made it to Serena  illiams’ wedding, Kanye  est was noticeably not her plus one.  e’ve got EXCLUSIVE details that he wanted to avoid an awkward run-in with Beyoncé at all costs.			Fake
Prince - The Truth Behind His Drug Overdose			As The ENQUIRER reported, Prince had been diagnosed with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, in the 1990s. The Jehovah's  itness chose not to fight the deadly disease with medications due to his faith, believing "God will save me!" Six months ago, he was told by doctors he had full-blown AIDS and had just six months to live, sources said. "He couldn't take the pain the disease was causing him in its last stages," an insider told The ENQUIRER. "And he didn't want to just slowly waste away!"			Fake
ROSIE O FLEES CRAZY "HOUSE IVES" NEIGHBORS			Run ROSIE RUN – right back onto "The View"!  HY?!			Fake
Kanye  est -- 'Nervous Breakdown' ... Pushed Over Edge by Anniversary of Mom's Funeral			Pushed Over Edge by Anniversary of Mom's Funeral			Fake
Sour Note! Zayn Forced Into Disastrous Duet  ith Taylor			RadarOnline.com has learned Zayn Malik and Taylor Swift’s Fifty Shades Darker duet only came about after he was forced to collaborate with the superstar.			Fake
Rebounding Revenge! Selena Gomez And Orlando Bloom Are Hooking Up To Make Miranda Kerr And Justin Bieber Jealous?!			This weekend wasn't the first time we saw Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom together, so can you blame us for speculating???!			Fake
Katie Holmes Blasts Ex In Bombshell Interview About Suri			Katie Holmes has been trying to live a normal life after she divorced Tom Cruise in 2001, but that hasn't stopped her from throwing shade at has been trying to live a normal life after she divorcedin 2001, but that hasn't stopped her from throwing shade at her daughter's superstar Scientologist dad			Fake
Brad Pitt Texts Jennifer Aniston Nonstop: Seeks Intense Emotional Support After Angelina Jolie Divorce! | Celeb Dirty Laundry			Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston have reportedly gotten back in touch through texting, even though sources from both sides are falling over themselves to clarify that it's 'just texting' and not anything more serious.			Fake
Retiring Soon? Kanye  est Is Stepping Away From Spotlight			The 'Famous' hitmaker is reportedly planning to step away from the spotlight for an indefinite amount of time.			Fake
Malia Obama Has Barack And Michelle  orried – Can She Handle Life Alone In New York City?			Malia Obama, 18, is adjusting to her new life outside of the  hite House and the changes are not easy to handle for her famous parents – former President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.			Fake
Caitlyn Jenner and O.J. Simpson Are Set to Reunite on TV: "It  ould Be Fascinating!" (EXCLUSIVE)			It’s hard to get much more sensational than this: a TV show pairing the world’s most famous transgender celebrity with the world’s most famous acquitted murder suspect — especially when both have connections to the Kardashians! Life & Style has exclusively learned that TV producers have come up with an idea to bring O.J. Simpson and his old pal Caitlyn Jenner together in a televised reunion.			Fake
Brad Pitt Is "Still in Contact"  ith Ex Jennifer Aniston Following Angelina Jolie Divorce (REPORT)			Talk about friendly exes!			Fake
Brad Pitt Is Running Back to Jen Aniston During His Divorce From Angelina Jolie (EXCLUSIVE)			As Angelina Jolie continues to twist the knife in Brad Pitt's heart amid their impending divorce, the 53-year-old actor is running back to his ex-wife Jennifer Aniston for support, In Touch has exclusively learned. A year after Angelina, 42, blindsided her husband of two years with divorce papers, the actress got candid with The New York Times, seemingly suggesting that her six children are better off without their father.			Fake
Kim Kardashian Suffering 'Epic' Meltdown Over Cellulite on Her Butt			After allegedly struggling to silence body-shamers following those nearly-bare butt bikini photos from her Mexican getaway, Kim is 'in tears' over the situation.			Fake
Tom Hiddleston Still Embarrassed About Taylor Swift: Ignores Fans and Media at Comic-Con | Celeb Dirty Laundry			For the past several years, actor Tom Hiddleston has been a fan favorite at the San Diego Comic-Con. But this year, fans of the actor were left disappointed when he chose to ignore them and the media while he and the cast of the upcoming superhero film, “Thor: Ragnarok” were at Comic-Con to promote their film, which will hit theaters later this year. Tom Hiddleston’s portrayal of villan, Loki in the comic book superhero movie, “Thor” has garnered him legions of fans, mostly female who love his bad boy portrayal of the character.			Fake
Justin Bieber pokes fun at himself after stepping out with an wet mark			Accidents happen, but this star is not sorry about it.			Fake
Ellen DeGeneres Dines  ith Mystery Brunette Amid Divorce Rumors  ith Portia de Rossi			Ellen DeGeneres stepped out with a mystery brunette recently amid rumors of her impending divorce with wife Portia de Rossi. Photos of the TV host all smiles with the unknown woman only fuelled speculations of their separation.			Fake
 hat Nicki Minaj wore to Serena  illiams' wedding is not really OK ... rocking on up in white leather hotpants and a crop top is kinda too much.						Fake
Keith Urban Jealous: Nicole Kidman Admits She Begged HBO To Cast Alexander Skarsgard As Her Love Interest | Celeb Dirty Laundry			Nicole Kidman is making it pretty clear that she desperately wanted Alexander Skarsgard to be cast as her husband in ‘Big Little Lies.’ Nicole is starring in the new HBO drama series along with Reese  itherspoon, Shailene  oodley and Laura Dern. The show tells the story of three mothers who try to move on after a tragedy that almost destroyed their lives.			Fake
She’s Mine! Ellen DeGeneres And Charlize Theron In Showdown Over Portia de Rossi			Hollywood power women Ellen DeGeneres and Charlize Theron are heading for a showdown over Portia de Rossi.			Fake
OK! Exclusive: Lindsay Lohan Plans To Move To Russia After Her  edding To Egor Tarabasov Amid Her Feud  ith Her Parents Over The Ceremony			As her wedding plans for her nuptials to Egor Tarabasov continue to take shape, an insider has revealed to OKMagazine.com that Lindsay Lohan may be making a major move following the ceremony!			Fake
Janet Jackson's Secret Plastic Surgery			Janet Jackson is tired of hiding her withered old lady hands under long sleeves and gloves — so now she’s giving them a makeover!			Fake
Ellen DeGeneres Is Now In The Middle Of Kelly Ripa And Michael Strahan’s Feud After Segment On Her Show			It is a known fact that there is bad blood between Kelly Ripa and her former co-chair, Michael Strahan, and now Ellen DeGeneres is caught in the middle.			Fake
David Foster & Katharine McPhee Faking They Romance? : Similar News | NE ZEB			David Foster & girlfriend Katharine McPhee were spotted looking ritzy and smitten at the SAG-AFTRA Foundation Patron of the Artists Awards 2017 earlier this week. Their appearance came just days after RadarOnline.com exclusively reported claims that their relationship is fake! During their outing, they were joined by various A-listers, and the attention-seeking actress couldn’t have been happier under the spotlight! Click through to learn more. Katharine McPhee, 33, will do just about anything to get to the top of the Hollywood pyramid – including dating much-older musician David Foster, 68. The faux couple has been spotted out and about all over the world since news broke of their unlik..			Fake
			Kanye  est Enraged Taylor Swift Referenced Kim Kardashian’s Robbery In Music Video			Fake
Jim Carrey On Another Planet! Thinks Alien Reptiles Rule Earth			Comic Jim Carrey is secretly a follower of a kooky conspiracy nut who believes alien reptiles run the world! Even nuttier, the Dumb and Dumber star plans to go public with his commitment to whack job David Icke’s bizarre theory!			Fake
Justin Bieber Vacation: Purpose Tour On Hold After Awards Show Rant? | Celeb Dirty Laundry			It appears that Justin Bieber's Purpose Tour is on hold and Justin is on vacation with friends. Justin definitely needs some time off after slamming awards shows as fake and hollow. The vacation photos started popping up on Justin's Instagram on May 25. Looks as if Justin went camping with an assortment of friends. The singer, who normally writes very little or nothing at all on his social media posts, wrote, "These are the nights I live for."			Fake
Blake Griffin: Did He Kick His Baby Mama Out For Kendall Jenner?			It's only been a few weeks since the world learned that Blake Griffin and Kendall Jenner are dating, but it looks as though the lanky couple is moving very fast.			Fake
Beyonce Gets a Surprise Visit From Hillary Clinton			Hillary Clinton recently paid a visit to the Queen ... Bey, that is!			Fake
Has Tom Hiddleston's 'Embarrassing' Romance  ith Taylor Swift Cost Him a Job?			Yikes, Tom Hiddleston and Taylor Swift's romance (showmance?) really isn't having the effect that their PR teams had hoped for, with Tom reportedly losing a huge contract due to the "embarrassing" display.			Fake
Tory ministers have saved an iconic gay bar once visited by Princess Diana			One of Britain's most famous gay bars which Princess Diana reportedly visited with Freddie Mercury was today given listed building status.			Fake
Kendall & Kylie  ho? Caitlyn Jenner Jump-Starts Adoption Plans			RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that Caitlyn Jenner is actively exploring the adoption process in a desperate bid to fill the void caused by her strained relationship with her daughters, Kendall and Kylie.			Fake
Chris Pratt Snubs Justin Bieber Friendship			Do the stars that pray together play together? Not if they’re Justin Bieber and Chris Pratt!			Fake
Selena Gomez & The  eeknd's Plans To Double Date  ith Jennifer Aniston & Justin Theroux			The love advice Jennifer Aniston, 48, gave Selena Gomez, 24, certainly paid off! So how does the A-List star feel about her new beau The  eeknd, 26? "Jen couldn't be more excited for Selena. She feels like if anyone deserves to be happy and find true love it's Selena," an insider tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.  So sweet!			Fake
Liza Minelli Has 'Three Months Left' To Live After Tragic Relapse: Friends Tell All			Liza Minnelli's sad life has taken one tragic turn after another - and it's finally gotten the best of the beleaguered star!			Fake
			Taylor Swift Goes Naked in '...Ready for It?' Music Video Teaser			Fake
Lindsay Lohan Doing Drugs on Oprah's Dime!			Filming a reality show for Oprah  infrey's TV network was supposed to be a chance for Lindsay Lohan to reestablish her career, but instead, she's falling back into other old habits.			Fake
Ellen's $40M Haunted Mansion			ELLEN DEGENERES fears she's got a creepy house-guest in her new $40 million mansion – a ghost!			Fake
BRAD PITT : No Doubt, TRUMP  ill Be The Best President In U.S History. Do You Support Him? ⋆			Brad Pitt  as Invited At Today show This Morning And After Journalist Critic To Trump He Says This  ords : No Doubt, Trump  ill Be The Best President In U.S History And You  ill This Soon. Against Journalists And Everyone Stayed Outraged . Do You Support Brad ?“ e need more and more jobs. Unemployment is way up here,” he said. He’s hired more employees, more people, than anyone I know in the world.			Fake
Omg! Kendall and Scott's Secret Hookup Revealed			The Kardashian-Jenner clan’s relationship with each other’s exes has always been a difficult one, but who knew it would be this messy? Just as things couldn’t get more complicated between Rob Kardashian and Kylie Jenner’s mixed-up connection with Blac Chyna and Tyga, the family is being confronted with rumors that Kendall Jenner and Scott Disick secretly hooked up in a romantic rendezvous.  hat’s more shocking is that Kourtney Kardashian is seemingly okay with the idea of her younger sister getting together with her baby daddy!			Fake
Kevin Hart Begs  ife Eniko Parrish For Forgiveness  ith $250000 Push Gift			Kevin Hart is telling himself — nothing says “I am sorry for cheating and humiliating you” like a $250,000 gift.			Fake
Anna Faris Feels Insecure Because Of Her Husband's Affair with Jennifer Lawrence! Is Chris Pratt To Blame? – Live Rumours			Jennifer Lawrence, who is heart of millions of boys, recently made all her fans shocked.  ell it was not in the movie, but from the news; rather we say a rumour having an affair with Chris Pratt. Most of us' mind freeze because of these alleged highlights in tabloids, but later both of them finely denied. As of Jennifer's choice, she has chosen to be single for now; while Chris is already tied with Anna Faris. Faris feels insecurity because of this faked news fueling the tabloids about love between her husband Chris and Jennifer though.  ell, is it true or not, we will cover it in this article!			Fake
Prince Harry & Meghan Markle Moving In Together			A close pal of the "Suits" star told The ENQUIRER that Meg is "turning the palace upside down with her renovations" - adding: "She knows what she wants! Meghan's incredibly headstrong when it comes to her own tastes!" The L.A. native is insisting on eco-friendly renovations, airy open rooms, neutral colors, large comfortable sofas and chairs, and modern glass and metal accessories. But the commoner's "diva-like" attitude is making some palace insiders cringe!			Fake
Ellen, Portia cancel appearance after 'epic' fight			Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi didn't show up at a charity fund-raiser for rescued animals after having a huge fight in the car on the way to Sunday's event, sources tell Page Six.			Fake
Justin Bieber apparently wrote a ‘Love Bible’ about Selena Gomez, and it’s sweet but super weird			There have been numerous reports of Justin Bieber spending time in church in the past few months, but what we didn't realize was it wasn't any old church he was visiting — it was the church of past relationships.			Fake
JENNIFER ANISTON HINTS AT FRIENDS REUNION			Jennifer Aniston is making Friends fans very happy! The actress hinted she would be open to appearing in a reunion of the hit NBC show. "The only thing I can think of doing is maybe for fun doing a Thanksgiving episode," Aniston said on a British talk show. However, a spokeswoman for  arner Bros., the studio that produced Friends, told the New York Post that there has been no preliminary discussions about a Friends reunion show.			Fake
Kim Kardashian: Nude Cookbook on the  ay?!?			Not everyone is a fan of Kim Kardashian and/or the books she pretends to write.			Fake
Tom Hiddleston Stunned Taylor Swift Referenced Him On New Album: Here’s  hy			 hile most of the people who are or were in Taylor Swift’s life most likely knew they’d be called out on her album, Tom Hiddleston thought he was safe! But, is ex mentioned him in T O tracks! Here’s what he thinks …			Fake
Did Meek Mill Find Nicki Minaj In A Lesbian Tryst  ith Young M.A.?			Finding a story about Nicki Minaj and Meek Mill isn't exactly a stretch. Last year, Meek Mill's beef with Canadian rapper Drake kept us entertained for months, and Minaj is hardly low-profile. Over the past few years, Minaj has become known almost as well for her social media fights as for her music. As a result, celebrity watchers always seem to have an eye for the next Meek Mill and Nicki Minaj story. In recent weeks, most stories about Mill and Minaj have focused on whether or not hip-hop's power couple are still dating or not.			Fake
 hoopi Goldberg & New Host Rosie O'Donnell At  ar - Tension On 'The View,' Fighting Over Seating Arrangements			 ith only a few weeks until The View premieres with  hoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that on the set, the two divas are already at a stand-off over who will get the moderator seat.			Fake
'Clueless' Kylie Jenner Desperate To Get Back Over $2 Million From Tyga			RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that Tyga owes his ex-sugar mama Kylie Jenner millions of dollars! "Kylie had been bankrolling Tyga for well over a year and she's finding herself short on cash as a result," an insider revealed.			Fake
Ben Affleck Has A New Fresh Face: BOTOX BEN			FRESHENED UP!?!? After a VERY ROUGH year, doctors say that it appears that Ben Affleck his face freshened up! The rumored help? Botox for his crow’s feet & fillers to soften the lines around his mouth.			Fake
Prince Harry is Moving to the US to Find a  ife!			Prince Harry is moving across the pond - and has big plans to find a wife in the US!			Fake
Is Jared Leto, 45, Crushing On 19-Year-old Paris Jackson?			Jared Leto has his eye on a pretty young thing: 19-year-old Paris Jackson! The duo crossed paths at the Harper’s Bazaar Icons party in NYC on Sept. 8, where the actor, 45, “was definitely making a play for her,” says an insider. “He was staring directly into her eyes while she was talking and they were standing really close. They spoke for a long time and she was laughing a lot.” Still, the Oscar winner struck out, as Paris eventually left to be with her friends — though not before Jared snuck in a kiss on her cheek! Adds the insider: “It was obvious that he was super into her, age difference be damned.”			Fake
Brad Pitt’s bodyguard says he’s seeing another actor, almost as big as Angelina			Actor Brad Pitt thinks his children are being turned against him and reportedly even stormed out of a meeting with his children.			Fake
(EXCLUSIVE) Usher Cast On 'Dancing  ith The Stars'			theJasmineBRAND.com exclusively reports, Usher has allegedly been cast on the upcoming season of Dancing  ith the Stars. Sources tell us the 38-year-old singer and actor will be on season 24 of ABC's hit dancing competition show.			Fake
 hy Celine Dion and Cher hate each other			Cher wowed the crowd in a barely-there crystal encrusted outfit yesterday as she belted out ‘If I Could Turn Back Time’ and ‘Believe’ at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards.			Fake
PINK & LADY GAGA ARE ‘ ORKING TOGETHER’ TO  RITE AN ANTI-MADONNA ANTHEM			The singers are teaming up against the pop star.			Fake
Jennifer Aniston Doubts Justin Bieber Is The Right Man For Selena Gomez			A changed man that is what Justin Bieber is claiming to be, but it appears that Jennifer Aniston is not sure he is telling the truth.			Fake
Leah Remini Opens Up About Her Friendship  ith Jennifer Lopez And The Scientology Connection			Jennifer Lopez and ex-Scientologist Leah Remini are the best of friends. They have known each other for several years and have been through a lot. Come what may, their friendship weathers through. It has always seemed that Leah was the only one with a Church of Scientology connection, but that isn’t the case.			Fake
Dream Scenario? Khloe  ants To Adopt Rob's Daughter!			Khloe Kardashian has formed such an intense bond with her niece Dream, she has told her brother Rob she wants to adopt her, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.			Fake
Did Angelina Jolie Fake Maddox Jolie Pitt's Adoption? Inside The Shocking Claims			Angelina Jolie is famous for adopting kids from around the world, but did she obtain her first son, Maddox, using falsified documents? Maddox's real Cambodian father has come forward with the shocking claims that Jolie doesn't have legal power of attorney over the 15-year-old.			Fake
Kourtney Kardashian Neglecting Her Children To Party In Cannes? | Celeb Dirty Laundry			Is Kourtney Kardashian neglecting her children to party in Cannes? That’s what a lot of fans can’t help but wonder as Kris Jenner was spotted taking care of her children, Mason and Penelope Disick near her family home in Calabasas, California on  ednesday, May 24. Kris took her grandchildren to run errands with her while Kourtney was frolicking with her new boy toy Younes Bendjima.			Fake
Megyn Kelly's Latest Look on 'Today' Sparks Plastic Surgery Rumors!			Has Megyn Kelly gotten plastic surgery?			Fake
Taylor Swift: The Real Reason She Gave Selena Gomez The Challenge			Now we know one of the reasons why Taylor Swift, 24, nominated Selena Gomez, 22, for the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge on Aug. 16. A source told HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY that Taylor suggested Selena to take the icy plunge to see if she'd "really listen" to Taylor this time (since she doesn't about Justin Bieber, 20) and actually do it.			Fake
Brad Pitt Struggles To Smile At Hollywood Event  hile Custody Battle  ears Him Down			After a long court battle with his former wife Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt showed up with a relax and smiling aura in Malibu on Saturday night.			Fake
Cameron Diaz			The Resume			Fake
 hat Sort of Diva Demands Does Mariah Carey Have for ‘American Idol’?			 e still can't get over the fact that the No. 1 diva herself Mariah Carey has agreed to be a judge on ' American Idol .' Of course, with a price tag of $18 million, we're not terribly surprised, but we have a sneaking suspicion she agreed because she feels the need to compete with veteran competitors like ' X Factor ' judge Britney Spears and ' The Voice ' judge Christina Aguilera .			Fake
Jennifer Aniston Cheated On Brad Pitt  ith Matt LeBlanc  hile Married? - Report			Brad Pitt, 51, may not have been the only one with a wandering eye during his marriage to Jennifer Aniston, 46. An explosive new interview with Matt LeBlanc's dad, Paul LeBlanc, reveals that the actress actually cheated on her then-husband with her Friends co-star long before Brad met Angelina Jolie, 40, on the set of Mr. and Mrs. Smith!			Fake
Iggy Azalea and Odell Beckham Jr.: Dating!			You might be surprised by the news that Odell Beckham Jr. and Iggy Azalea are dating, but if you stop and think about it for a moment, they actually make perfect sense as a couple.			Fake
Barack Obama ‘ ants To Cut Loose & Party’ Amid Divorce Rumors | #follownews			Now that he’s out of the  hite House and doesn’t have to keep up the sham image of a loving hubby, former President Barack Obama has kicked wife Michelle to the curb and has yanked off his wedding ring, a source claims.			Fake
Liam Payne Just Dissed Harry Styles' Solo Music			Harry Styles' new music isn't for everyone, not even his former One Direction bandmate Liam Payne.			Fake
Selena Gomez Is ‘Crazy In Love’  ith Justin After Reuniting: She’s ‘Light & Joyful’			If Selena Gomez seems like she’s living her best life since reuniting with Justin Bieber — she is!  e’ve got the EXCLUSIVE that Sel’s in ‘love’ and happy to be back with Biebs.			Fake
Allison  illiams’ top-secret wedding revealed			Allison  illiams is getting married on Saturday in a starry secret ceremony out west, Page Six can exclusively reveal.			Fake
'Jessie J's 100% gay ... but bi is more trendy'			POP beauty Jessie J is 100 per cent lesbian, an explosive book claims.			Fake
Harry Styles Leaving One Direction Behind For Kendall Jenner?			In December, Harry Styles left his One Direction bandmates in Paris to meet Kendall Jenner for a romantic one-night rendezvous in London. At the time it seemed like a romantic gesture, but it may have been a foreboding sign of things to come. The two stars have been getting closer and closer, and the hot and heavy relationship is reportedly taking a serious toll on 1D.			Fake
Devastated Johnny Depp Begging For Ex- ife Vanessa Paradis Back!			A reeling Johnny Depp is begging ex-wife Vanessa Paradis to get back together, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.			Fake
Piano teacher Jamie Foxx			Jamie Foxx is reportedly teaching Katie Holmes' daughter Suri how to play the piano.			Fake
Kim Kardashian talks her surrogate			She's expecting her third child via surrogate.			Fake
Are Kendall, Kylie Jenner and Gigi, Bella Hadid headed for a nasty feud?			It looks like a case of siblings' war. Two of the most popular siblings' duo – Kendall, Kylie and Bella, Gigi – are reported to be on the verge of a nasty feud.			Fake
			Pregnant Kylie Jenner Is 'Very Self-Conscious' About Her Changing Body, Says Source			Fake
Lindsay Lohan: Starlet Lusting After Vladimir Putin!			LiLo's suddenly aimed her fiery eyes at "Kremlin Krotch," telling pals she's gonna bed and wed notorious Soviet strongman Vladimir Putin - and then be officially crowned "Princess Pootie-Tang of Russia!"			Fake
Beyonce & Jay-Z Hire Former President Obama’s Secret Service Team			They’ve got 99 problems, but security ain’t one! Beyoncé and Jay-Z asked longtime pal former President Barack Obama’s secret service detail to help protect their family after welcoming twins Rumi and Sir last month.			Fake
Selena Gomez being eyed as 'American Idol' judge			Singer is reportedly being eyed as a judge along with singer for the singing reality show "American Idol".			Fake
Julia Roberts and Danny Moder May Be Headed for Divorce: "The Problems Keep Piling Up"			Say it ain't so!			Fake
Tom Cruise misses being with family; The Mummy actor to reconnect with daughter Suri Cruise?			Tom Cruise has not met his daughter Suri Cruise in the last three and a half years but looks like things are going to change for The Mummy actor. If reports are to be believed then Tom might reunite with his daughter Suri.			Fake
Taylor Swift Drops Album "Reputation", Joe Alywn Planning Something			It couldn’t get better for Taylor Swift! The 27-year-old singer has found the right balance between her professional and personal life. Furthermore, Taylor has just dropped her much anticipated music album “Reputation” which has already sent her fans into a frenzy, Yet again!			Fake
Justin Bieber Parties At Same Grammy Event As Ex Selena Gomez & The  eeknd			Uh oh!  Justin Bieber, 22, decided to hit up Rihanna's post Grammys bash at 1Oak Feb. 12 to party with the rest of the music industry's biggest stars, and unfortunately for him that included his ex Selena Gomez, 24, and her new boyfriend The  eeknd, 26. As we told you EXCLUSIVELY, the pair couldn't keep their hands to themselves, packing on plenty of PDA while seated in a VIP booth and that apparently didn't sit well with the Biebs. He showed up at the party briefly, then turned around and high-tailed it out of there shortly after arriving. A source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY that, "He was there for a hot second...not very long at all! He left almost immediately!"			Fake
The  eeknd  as Spotted Holding Hands  ith Justin Bieber’s Ex			If you’re an avid US  eekly reader, it might appear that there are only about a dozen single people in Hollywood, as they all date each other. It’s like six degrees of separation with Kevin Bacon, only for influencers with a penchant for fit tea and waist trainers, where Scott Disick is the connecting factor.			Fake
Leonardo DiCaprio Enjoys A Date Night  ith Kate  inslet For His Birthday — See The Pics!			Leonardo DiCaprio cozied up to his most famous co-star, Kate  inslet, on Friday night, just one day ahead of his 43rd birthday on Saturday. The two spent over two hours together at the Santa Monica restaurant Giorgio Baldi, after which they were escorted out by security and got into the same car together. Click through to see the pics of their intimate night out!			Fake
Brad Pitt 'lunged at son Maddox when he tried to defend mum Angelina Jolie'			Brad Pitt "lunged" at his son Maddox during a flight on a private jet as the teen tried to defend his mum Angelina Jolie, it has been claimed.			Fake
 hat Taylor Swift's New Make-Under Really Means			Unless you've been living on a tropical island without  i-Fi, you probably know (at least) a little about the drama that's been following Taylor Swift around for the past year or so. There's a lot to unpack, which has led to both fans and haters speculating that her upcoming album, Reputation, addresses her side of the story.			Fake
Brad Pitt: Relapse Fears Over Showbiz Deaths			An insider told The ENQUIRER: “He recently attended a men’s group that meets on the Pacific Coast Highway. He sits in the back with his cap pulled down, as if he doesn’t want to draw attention to himself. He hasn’t shared his story yet, but he’s [been] friendly to anyone who’s approached him to wish him luck. He’s very gracious and will simply say thank you.”			Fake
Is the Queen preparing abdicate?			His Holiness Pope Benedict XVI announced it through the Vatican, to shock and surprise.			Fake
Pop insiders claim Justin Bieber cancelled long-running tour as he's considering starting his own church			POP insiders sensationally claim Justin Bieber may have cancelled his current long-running tour so he can start up his own CHURCH. Bieber shocked millions of fans yesterday when he revealed he was calling off the Purpose tour months before it was due to end as he was "burned out." The Canadian has revealed he wants to get back to his religious roots			Fake
Caitlyn Jenner's Memoir Reportedly Lands Movie Adaptation, Rob Lowe May Play Her			Report says that the 'How to Be a Latin Lover' actor is currently in talks to play the reality show star in a possible movie based on her new memoir 'The Secrets of My Life'.			Fake
Cheers? Sloppy Jessica Simpson & Eric Johnson Becoming Booze Moguls!			Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson love their booze so much, they’re considering turning their passion into a new business venture, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.			Fake
Kim Kardashian Hires Team To Help Her Become More ‘Political’ – ‘I  ant To Speak Out More About Political Issues’			The controversial reality TV star really wants to change her reputation.  e have learned that Kim Kardashian wants to have a much more political image and she’s already making the first few steps in that direction.			Fake
Barack & Michelle Obama's Marriage Meltdown - How It's Costing Taxpayers Millions!			Barack Obama and his wife Michelle continues to falls apart in the wake of the president's womanizing. Now it's costing taxpayers millions! The bitter marriage betweenandcontinues to falls apart in the wake of the president's womanizing. Now it's costing taxpayers millions! The National ENQUIRER has seen exclusive records obtained by the government watchdogs of Judicial  atch - revealing that the feuding couple took separate private planes to take off to Hawaii for Christmas vacation!			Fake
Hillary Clinton The Movie - Starring Glenn Close!			A movie is in the works about Hillary Clinton and her amazing life, and legendary actress Glenn Close has been chosen to play the former first lady and presidential candidate!			Fake
O.J. Simpson will agree to Khloe Kardashian paternity test if she visits him in prison, former guard says			O.J. Simpson would reportedly take a paternity test to see if Khloe Kardashian is his daughter, but there's one catch: The reality star would need to visit him in prison.			Fake
Prince  illiam and Kate Middleton Moving Out Of Kensington Palace? | Celeb Dirty Laundry			Prince  illiam and Kate Middleton are already thinking about moving out of Kensington Palace. That’s because  illiam doesn’t want his children Prince George and Princess Charlotte to grow up behind palace walls. Instead, he wants them to live a life out of the spotlight and as far away from the paparazzi as possible.			Fake
Taylor Swift 'files documents to launch streaming service'			Taylor Swift has reportedly filed documents to launch her own streaming service in the wake of her backlash against Apple Music and Spotify.			Fake
Taylor Swift Spending Millions of Dollars on New Boyfriend, Joe Alwyn: False News or True? | Celeb Dirty Laundry			Pop superstar Taylor Swift is buying new boyfriend Joe Alwyn by squandering millions of dollars on her lover according to some reports. Taylor has always been the bigger money earner in all of her relationships. Even though past boyfriends such as Jake Gyllenhaal, John Mayer, Tom Hiddleston, and Calvin Harris were millionaires, their bank accounts still paled in comparison to Taylor’s whopping $300 million estimated net worth.			Fake
Get Busy! Gwen & Blake Ordered To Show More PDA On 'The Voice'			Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton have been told to make nice for the cameras on The Voice, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned, after ratings slipped thanks to an on-air spat!			Fake
Kate Middleton & Prince  illiam Try To Save Crumbling Marriage?			If true, rumors have it that it may be Prince  illiam's grandmother Queen Elizabeth's doing. It has been reported previously that she does not like Kate's commoner ways.			Fake
Digital Diva! Inside Caitlyn Jenner’s Secret Cyber Hookups			RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that Caitlyn Jenner is exploring her sexuality online and has been enjoying a string of secret cyber “hookups”.			Fake
Aquaman actresses Nicole Kidman and Amber Heard feuding on DC movie set?			James  an started filming for Aquaman in Australia last month.  hile Jason Momoa and Mera actress Amber Heard have already shot their first scene together, Queen Atlanna actress Nicole Kidman reached a few days ago. Following her landing, there have reportedly been feud sparks on the sets.			Fake
			 hite  itch warns Angelina against using spells to woo back Brad			Fake
Queen Elizabeth and Kate Middleton Clash Again: Duchess Scared of Difficult Pregnancy, Adopting Second 'Royal' Baby - Reports			Kate Middleton is said to have miscarried. However, a new report claims otherwise. The new report says that it is impossible for Prince George's mom to have miscarried her second baby when she is not keen on getting pregnant anymore and would rather adopt instead. In fact, this is one of the things that Kate and Queen Elizabeth are arguing heatedly about.			Fake
Scientology Showdown! Katie Holmes & Jenna Elfman Caught In Awkward 'GMA' Run-In			For once, the drama at Good Morning America wasn't involving Robin Roberts and her new arch-nemesis, Michael Strahan.			Fake
Mariah Carey’s manager was always hungry for fame			Long before she managed Mariah Carey, Stella Bulochnikov was a standup comedian.			Fake
Inside Rob K. & Mehgan James' Romance:  hy His Fam ''Doesn't Approve''			UPDATE: As new reports continue to surface regarding Rob Kardashian's relationship with Mehgan James, both took to social media to weigh in on the matter.			Fake
Kris Jenner is planning a 'revenge memoir'			Caitlyn Jenner recently released her memoir The Secrets of My Life which she has said is about her “journey” but has also been a scathing attack on her ex, Kris.			Fake
Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Come Out As an Item, After 'Tom Cruise Ban' Expires			Now here’s something to really jump up and down on the couch for.			Fake
Did Beyonce Give Birth To Her Twins? New Report Claims She Just Did			Did Beyonce just have her twins? Rumors have been flying that Queen Bey gave birth to a precious boy and adorable girl on Saturday, May 20, according to an exciting new report!			Fake
Chelsea Handler Has Nothing Nice to Say About Ben Affleck (EXCLUSIVE)			Hoes over bros! Apparently, comedian Chelsea Handler takes that mantra to heart because she is ready to tear into her best friend, Jennifer Garner's ex, Ben Affleck. The 42-year-old is 100 percent #TeamJen in the Ben/Jen split — and honestly, can you blame her? In Touch has the exclusive scoop on what exactly Chelsea has in store for the Argo star.			Fake
Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est's Trial Separation Lasted for Six  eeks (EXCLUSIVE)			After suffering a breakdown at the end of 2016, Kanye  est has been keeping an extremely low profile. But what fans didn't know is that the rapper and his wife Kim Kardashian were going through a trial separation.			Fake
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-gets-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html			Jennifer Lopez gets cozy with on-screen boyfriend Milo Ventimiglia			Fake
Selena Gomez’s New Puppy Helping Her Heal  ith ‘Love & Support’ After Kidney Transplant			Selena Gomez’s pooch is making her happier than ever and he’s helping her heal with ‘love and support’ after her kidney transplant, an expert revealed to HL EXCLUSIVELY. Find out why a dog’s affection is so magical!			Fake
Kristen Stewart Drops 'Twilight' Movie Plans  ith Robert Pattinson: Lands New Role In 'Underwater' Thriller | Celeb Dirty Laundry			It looks like Kristen Stewart won't have any time on her hands to make another 'Twilight' movie with Robert Pattinson in the near future. In fact, new reports indicate that the Hollywood star has just landed a new role in the psychological thriller, 'Underwater.'			Fake
Victoria Beckham's big fashion guide: Posh Spice to write book telling Brits how to dress			Posh is set to release the book next year to mark 10 years in the fashion business. The Spice Girl-turned-designer is said to have teamed up with US Vogue editor Anna  intour. The pair have become close friends in recent years, with  intour said to be the driving force behind the guide.			Fake
Kirsten Dunst suddenly breaks down in tears at Cannes Film Festival			She gained global recognition for her role in Interview  ith The Vampire at the tender age of 12, so she is no stranger to commanding attention on the red carpet.			Fake
Tragic Gwen Stefani Loses Hearing After Rupturing Eardrum			Pop songbird Gwen Stefani could end up deaf and wreck her fabulous singing career			Fake
Josh Duhamel was over Fergie ‘being a rock star again’			Josh Duhamel was tired of his pop-star wife Fergie’s “partying” before their breakup, we’re told.			Fake
Sarah Jessica Parker Inherits Vogue Magazine Control From Anna  intour? | Celeb Dirty Laundry			There's only one Anna  intour, but there's only so long that she can run Vogue. Anna's now 64 years old, and while she's still got plenty of years to keep running Vogue, her reign isn't going to last forever. Eventually, she will have to find a successor, and according to a report from Radar Online, that successor will be Sarah Jessica Parker.			Fake
Social Media Addicted Kim Kardashian Slammed For Ignoring No-Phone Rule At Serena  illiams’  edding!			An insider told us that a babysitter followed the reality TV star to make sure she respected the rules. Serena  illiams and Alexis Ohanian’s wedding was one to remember for sure, and Kim Kardashian was also there. But as we’ve learned, the Keeping Up with the Kardashians celeb has trouble staying away from social media for too long.			Fake
A Thing For Blondes? Brad Pitt Is Ready To Move On  ith Margot Robbie			Is Brad Pitt back to blondes? Shortly after his split with Angelina Jolie, rumors swirled about Pitt’s on-set chemistry with Allied actress Marion Cotillard. Linked to many of his co-stars throughout his long career, including his soon-to-be ex, it’s no wonder Jolie wasn’t keen to have him work with blonde bombshell, Margot Robbie. A source exclusive to OK! reports, “He thinks she’s the hottest girl in Hollywood right now.” According to the source, the 41 year old actor and President of Plan B Films has “tried to woo her for numerous movie projects. This was a sore subject with Angie who blocked them from working together a few times. Now he’s single again you can expect Brad to go after Margot with a passion.” And who could blame him? The 26 year old Australian beauty has been dubbed “the new Angelina Jolie,” stirring fear in the hearts of celebrity wives. She has her own reputation for on-set chemistry with married actors including  ill Smith.  ith hot and heavy sex scenes and photos surfacing of them looking cozy off camera, Smith himself had to address the rumors on twitter, “It’s disappointing that goofing around on set could be taken so out of context.”			Fake
Kendall Jenner  ants to Break Free From the Kardashian Clan			Kendall Jenner is ready to move on from her famous family! In Touch has exclusively learned that the 18-year-old model wants out of the Kardashians to further her own career.			Fake
Jennifer Aniston sends fiance Justin Theroux to 'commitment camp'			The pair have enjoyed a two-year engagement but growing speculation about when they will make it down the aisle continues to dog the couple.			Fake
Gave up weed for pregnancy? Miley Cyrus, Liam Hemsworth reportedly trying for twins			Singer Miley Cyrus and actor Liam Hemsworth are reportedly trying for twins. The couple reconciled in early 2016.			Fake
Kevin Hart:  hy  ife Eniko ‘Just Can’t’ Leave Him Right Now Despite Cheating Scandal			Dying to know why Kevin Hart’s wife Eniko Parrish is staying by his side as his cheating scandal rages on? Our insider has the EXCLUSIVE details! Read on!			Fake
Inside Beyoncé's baby shower			Don't act like you didn't know Beyoncé was going to shut it down when it came to her baby shower.			Legit
David Gest found dead at 62: Liza Minnelli's ex husband discovered after 'unexplained' death in London hotel			David Gest, the reality TV star and former husband of Liza Minnelli, has been found dead in a five-star London hotel in "unexplained" circumstances.			Legit
Kanye  est, No 'American Idol' For Me			No 'American Idol' For Me			Legit
Kristen Stewart not dropping another "Twilight" film, talks sexuality			Possible new "Twilight" film can see Kristen Stewart reprising her role as Bella Swan, with a new report claiming that she did not drop movie plans with former beau, Robert Pattinson (Edward Cullen). Some reports say that Stewart said no to her reunion project with Pattinson as she is busy with the psychological thriller, "Underwater." "Twilight" fans however can keep their peace as the actress did not reject playing Bella once more.			Legit
This Is  hy Taylor Swift Is Skipping the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards			There's a blank space in the VMAs seating chart this year, baby. Taylor Swift will not be attending the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday, August 28, multiple sources confirm to Us  eekly.			Legit
Tom Cruise awkwardly swerves question about daughter Suri			Tom Cruise politely responded to a question about daughter Suri at his Mummy premiere last night, but didn't appear comfortable enough talking about her to elaborate on the answer.			Legit
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are dating, and the rumors are coming in hot			Jennifer Lopez and recently retired baseball hero Alex Rodriguez are dating, according to reports that have been bubbling up all week.			Legit
http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song-look-what-you-made-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090			Taylor Swift Releases Apparent Kanye  est Diss Song			Legit
Taylor Swift's 'Reputation': All the gossip about Joe Alwyn, Kanye  est and Tom Hiddleston			In the preface of her two Reputation-themed magazines, which feature photos, poetry and hand-written lyrics to celebrate the release of her sixth album, Swift lamented the inevitable news stories that guess at the targets of her lyrics.			Legit
Kim Kardashian Says Kanye  est Is 'Serious' About Running For President			On The Ellen Show  ednesday, reality TV show star Kim Kardashian  est told host Ellen DeGeneres that her husband, rapper Kanye  est, definitely meant what he said when he spontaneously announced at the MTV Video Music Awards that he wants to run for President of the United States.			Legit
Katie Holmes on reprising her role as Jacqueline Kennedy			Katie Holmes is reprising her role as Jacqueline Kennedy for the new mini-series, "The Kennedys: After Camelot."			Legit
Vanessa Paradis Talks Split  ith Johnny Depp			Break-ups are hard to handle, and no one knows that better than Vanessa Paradis			Legit
Jennifer Aniston denies she had an affair with Matt LeBlanc			They had a steamy romance on screen.			Legit
Celine Dion's Heart- renching Performance of 'My Heart  ill Go On' at 2017 Music Awards:  atch			Celine Dion marked the 20th anniversary of her heart-wrenching love song, "My Heart  ill Go On," by performing from inside a mile-high chandelier that hung from the venue's ceiling at Sunday night's (May 21) 2017 Billboard Music Awards. As it elevated, so did Dion's vocals. 			Legit
Amber Heard Shares Picture From Aquaman Set			Right after filming for Aquaman got underway in Australia, we got our first look as actress Amber Heard as Mera. Now Heard has taken to Twitter to share a picture of herself with Jason Momoa — the actor behind the film's titular role — and director James  an.			Legit
Tyra Banks still on top as she makes her debut as new America's Got Talent host			Share this article with Google Plus			Legit
Ben Affleck Has Reportedly Started Training For The Batman			If you have been worried about Ben Affleck’s place in the DC Extended Universe, then you can breathe a sigh of relief. Over the last few months, fans of the actor’s take on the Gotham vigilante have grow increasingly worried about whether Affleck would return to the role. A series of blips concerning Batman’s impending standalone movie were enough to make the most confident of fans second-guess Affleck’s longterm commitment to Batfleck. In fact, some were even worried the actor would back out of The Batman entirely after Affleck stepped down as director.			Legit
Kim Kardashian  est confirms baby on the way			Kim Kardashian  est tweeted a clip Thursday from a promo of the new season of her family's E! series "Keeping Up  ith the Kardashians."			Legit
Ariel  inter Celebrates One-Year Anniversary  ith Boyfriend Levi Meaden			Ariel  inter celebrated her one-year anniversary with boyfriend Levi Meaden on Sunday, November 12, posting a sweet love note on Instagram.			Legit
Kourtney and Kendall Have a "Sun's Out, Buns Out" Boat Day in Cannes			Kourtney Kardashian and Kendall Jenner are currently living it up in the South of France for the Cannes Film Festival, and the sisters got in some swimsuit time while relaxing on a yacht in Antibes on Monday; the pair was spotted lounging and chatting in one-pieces with friend Simon Huck. The next day, they kept the fun coming by donning their best nautical wear for a day on the water. Before their envious yacht lounging, Kourtney attended a dinner in celebration of Jean-Michel Cousteau's  onders of the Sea on Sunday, while Kendall stomped the runway for Naomi Campbell's annual Fashion For Relief event, which also brought out Kate Moss, Heidi Klum, and Kendall's pal Bella Hadid. Keep reading to see all the photos from Kourtney and Kendall's Cannes adventures.			Legit
Taylor Swift Debuts a Bold Makeunder on Her Reputation Album Cover			Taylor Swift has officially returned. This morning, after a social media blackout followed closely by cryptic clips of a coiling, striking snake, Swift pulled back the curtain on her forthcoming album, Reputation —which expects a November 10 release, according to a subsequent frame—with a stark black and white beauty shot featuring a new take on her trademark beauty look.			Legit
Ellen DeGeneres Talks Feelings, Fun and Finding Dory			Ellen DeGeneres is a lot like the cartoon fish she gives life to in Disney/Pixar’s Finding Dory, opening June 17. Much like Dory, whom we met in the hit 2003 movie Finding Nemo, DeGeneres, 58, is undaunted, kind, strong and loving, swimming on despite the obstacles in her way. But unlike Dory, whose amnesia causes her to remember almost nothing, DeGeneres remembers a whole lot.			Legit
Jennifer Aniston Finally Pregnant At 48 Years Old? | Celeb Dirty Laundry			Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux have been married more than a year, so the inevitable pregnancy rumors will begin. According to the latest cover issue of Star Magazine, Jennifer Aniston is 'finally' pregnant at 48 years old.			Legit
Is Evian  ater The Secret Behind Cameron Diaz's Great Skin? Read more at: https://tr.im/207sZ			This is one of those rumors that is so ridiculous we wish it were true! Star magazine is reporting in their latest issue that A-list actress Cameron Diaz only uses bottled water to bathe.			Legit
Vanessa Lachey breaks silence amid ‘D TS’ feud rumors			This dancing duo is trying to find their rhythm.			Legit
The  orld Might Get a Kim Kardashian Cookbook Soon			If you follow Kim Kardashian on Snapchat, then you know that she's a domestic goddess in the kitchen and knows how to whip up some super-delicious food. Her "Soul Food Sundays" have gotten the approval of her husband Kanye  est, friends Chrissy Teigen and John Legend, and everyone in between - and now, a source tells People that their encouragement has led her to want to write her own cookbook.			Legit
Cover Story: Angelina Jolie Solo			There’s the Angelina Jolie who’s now a single mother—managing the day-to-day chaos of six kids, and the trauma of her split from Brad Pitt—and there’s the Angelina Jolie whose latest movie, a groundbreaking Netflix original about Cambodia’s genocide, is also a thank-you to the nation that transformed her. At her new L.A. mansion, Jolie reveals the tension between the two Angelinas and the reason her life will never be normal.			Legit
Kendall Jenner Has Another 22nd Birthday Bash  ith Blake Griffin, Kim Kardashian, and More: Pics!			One party’s simply not enough when you’re Kendall Jenner! The supermodel rang in her 22nd birthday with family and friends at Petite Taqueria in  est Hollywood on Thursday night.			Legit
Brad Pitt Responds To Rumours He’s Dating Princess Charlotte Of Monaco			The rumour mill went into overdrive when reports started circulating that Brad Pitt had been spotted at an LA party with Princess of Monaco Charlotte Casiraghi – an Angelina Jolie lookalike – but apparently, sources close to the star have slammed the claims.			Legit
Kylie Jenner Sets the Record Straight About Reports Tyga Owes Her $2 Million			Defending her ex. Kylie Jenner took to Twitter on Friday, May 27, to address reports that her ex-boyfriend Tyga owes her $2 million.			Legit
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005			Donald Trump bragged in vulgar terms about kissing, groping and trying to have sex with women during a 2005 conversation caught on a hot microphone, saying that "when you're a star, they let you do it," according to a video obtained by The  ashington Post.			Legit
			James Corden just asked Kim Kardashian about the Khloe and Kylie pregnancy rumours			Legit
Victoria Beckham and Anna  intour among those named in New Year's Honours list			Tennis world number one Andy Murray has been awarded a knighthood in the Queen's New Year's Honours List - making him Britain's youngest Sir in modern times - alongside athlete Mo Farah and dressage rider Lee Pearson. Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill and rower Katherine Grainger have been named dames.			Legit
The new directions of One Direction: what do the solo projects tell us?			This morning, One Direction’s Liam Payne dropped Stripped Down, his debut single, which can best be described as something that certainly exists.			Legit
Jennifer Aniston wants to set up a wellness centre			Jennifer Aniston wants to open a wellness centre in the future. The space would house treatments, as well as a healthy cafe.			Legit
Too Many Stars to Count Support Stand Up to Cancer			Loads of stars stepped out for the Hollywood Stands Up to Cancer event in LA on Tuesday night. The fundraiser, which was hosted by Reese  itherspoon and her husband, Jim Toth, brought out cute couples like Diane Kruger and Joshua Jackson and Jessica Alba and Cash  arren, as well as Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, and Gwyneth Paltrow. Gwyneth herself has been a longtime supporter of the Stand Up to Cancer program since her father, Bruce Paltrow, died of lung cancer in 2002.			Legit
 ATCH: Donald Trump's Ex- ife Marla Maples Gets Emotional About Life as a Single Mom on Dancing with the Stars			"I just consider having a child the greatest gift in the world," Donald Trump's ex-wife says in a Dancing with the Stars preview clip exclusive to PEOPLE. "Every single moment, the good, the challenging, the joyful, the painful, all of it is so important."			Legit
Kathy Griffin predicts career is over, says Trump 'broke me'			Embattled comedian Kathy Griffin says she's not afraid of Donald Trump and plans to keep making fun of him but maintained that she's sorry for a video that depicted her holding a likeness of the president's severed, bloody head.			Legit
Selena Gomez and The  eeknd Hold Hands for a Romantic Stroll in Argentina			It was no lonely day for The  eeknd.			Legit
Here's How Kim Kardashian  est, Kanye  est, and North  est Do  eekend Style at the Mall			Between trips to Paris Fashion  eek and Ikea's HQ in Sweden, the  ests have had a busy week. But like most families, they prefer to do weekends closer to home, and paid a visit to their local mall in Los Angeles yesterday, stopping by the Build-A-Bear  orkshop in coordinating outfits.			Legit
Love is in the air! Charlize Theron and Sean Penn share a tender moment as they arrive in NYC with her son Jackson			It was recently claimed that Sean Penn he is selling his Malibu home in order to begin again with his longtime love and rumoured fiance, Charlize Theron.			Legit
This Is  hat Justin Bieber Did Instead of Going to the Grammys			Despite earning four nominations for his album Purpose, Justin Bieber had no plans to attend the Grammy awards this year. Rather than sitting at home alone, however, he decided to go out for sushi, and took fans along for the ride on his Instagram Story. (Other bystanders captured a few snaps of him walking into the restaurant as well for a full 360-degree look at what it's like to have dinner with Justin.)			Legit
 atch Barack Obama's sweet surprise for Michelle on their 25th anniversary			Already known for his sweet messages to his wife on birthdays and holidays, Barack Obama went big for his 25th wedding anniversary with Michelle on Tuesday.			Legit
Anna Faris Responds To Chris Pratt-Jennifer Lawrence Cheating Rumors As They Promote 'Passengers' On Her Birthday			"Mom" actress Anna Faris didn't want to let the tabloids get to her, but when rumors swirled last year about husband Chris Pratt cheated on her with "Passengers" co-star Jennifer Lawrence, she felt vulnerable.			Legit
Gwen Stefani is returning to 'The Voice,' but what about Miley Cyrus?			Gwen Stefani is all set to return to the hot seat on "The Voice," but whose chair is she snatching?			Legit
Kim, Kourtney & Khloe Kardashian Celebrate Cinco de Mayo in LA!			The Kardashian sisters are having a Cinco de Mayo celebration!			Legit
Chris Pratt and Anna Faris Are Definitely Raising a Theater Kid			Chris Pratt and Anna Faris’s four-year-old son, Jack, is growing up in what is, essentially, an immersive-theater class.  hen Pratt spoke to Ellen DeGeneres on her talk show Friday, he said that he and Faris, both professional actors, take parenting, specifically story time, very seriously.			Legit
2015 Daytime Emmy Awards: Betty  hite, Ellen DeGeneres & More  inners			Rise and shine TV lovers! It's time to celebrate the best in daytime.			Legit
Melania's camp denies US  eekly's 'separate bed' report			Melania Trump has issued her own executive order: She refuses to share a bed with Donald Trump.			Legit
Nicole Kidman Finally Admits To Botox			As far as we can tell, Botox tops the list of celebrity guilty pleasures: Everybody does it, but nobody talks about it. Except Nicole Kidman, that is.			Legit
 ho Is Mark Billingham? The Bodyguard Claims He "Fathered" Brangelina's Kids			Since the news of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's split, many have wondered what will happen to the couple's six kids.  ill they stay with mom, or with dad, or some combination of the two? Or could a third person have parenting rights as well? Enter Mark Billingham, the star couple's bodyguard. Billingham said he basically "fathered" the children, according to Us  eekly.			Legit
'Au revoir for now': Kate and  ills bid a fond farewell to Paris after wowing the French during their two-day Brexit charm offensive 			Duke and Duchess of Cambridge waved goodbye to Paris after their successful two-day tour 			Legit
 hat Cher Actually Eats in a Day to Stay So Unbelievably Fit			At the Billboard Music Awards, Cher took the stage to perform two of her greatest hits, and we were amazed by how incredible the Billboard Icon Award recipient looks at age 71.			Legit
J-Rod! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez on Love, Beauty, and Redemption			Despite the surreal fame—and baggage—carried by Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez, their relationship makes perfect sense. Both started from modest backgrounds, hit the big time fast, and had to battle their own demons to survive. The new couple discuss everything from their nerve-racking first date to the “reveals” that forged their bond.			Legit
Ellen DeGeneres celebrates nine year wedding anniversary			She's known for her comedic routines and never-ending dance moves.			Legit
Jessica Simpson Flashes Her Butt for Eric Johnson's Birthday: Pic			Less is more! Jessica Simpson celebrated her husband Eric Johnson’s 38th birthday by sharing a racy tribute to Instagram on Sunday, September 17.			Legit
Jake Gyllenhaal Is Not Here for Taylor Swift Questions			Left, by Mike Pont/ ireImage; Right, from GC Images, both from Getty Images.			Legit
Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Have Seemingly Dropped Their Stealth Act			For more than four years, rumors have surrounded Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx, and their apparent under-the-radar romance. For a pair of very famous people they’ve managed to avoid the cameras for ages, though in the last year they seemed to be making less of an effort to hide, even spotted in May boarding a private plane in Paris, where Foxx was filming Robin Hood. At the same time, tabloids claimed that the two were “ready to go public.”			Legit
https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/09/jim-carrey-roasts-fashion-week			Jim Carrey Attends Fashion  eek Party Just to Roast Fashion  eek Parties			Legit
Hats off to love! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, and Darren Aronofsky, 47, go public with their romance as they bundle up for stroll in NYC			They had been keeping their budding romance under wraps but it seems that Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky have made a New Year's resolution to be more open about their relationship.			Legit
Blake Lively on  omen in Hollywood, Directing and Possible ‘Gossip Girl’ Reunion			As one of Variety’s Power of  omen honorees, Blake Lively will attend a lunch on Friday in support of Child Rescue Coalition. For this week’s issue, the actress spoke about women in Hollywood, shooting in New York for “Gossip Girl,” and what she looks for in a role.			Legit
Angelina Jolie Opens Up to PEOPLE About Her 'Difficult' Year: 'I Am a Little Bit Stronger'			Much has changed over the last year in Angelina Jolie‘s life, but one thing has remained constant — her dedication to her children.			Legit
Sarah Jessica Parker Puts Rumors of Feud with Kim Cattrall to Rest with One Birthday Instagram			Although we couldn't help but wonder if Carrie Bradshaw would understand Instagram.			Legit
Fergie says she and Josh Duhamel still 'great friends'			Fergie says even though she and husband Josh Duhamel are splitting up, they're still "great friends" who love one another and their young son.			Legit
Fifty Shades Darker news: Jamie Dornan reveals TRUTH behind Dakota Johnson 'awkwardness'			FIFTY SHADES DARKER star Jamie Dornan has revealed what his relationship with co-star Dakota Johnson is really like - admitting the first film was a little on the bumpy side.			Legit
Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Just Kissed at His Hockey Game			As The  eeknd reconnects with his ex, Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez continues her string of appearances with Justin Bieber. Last night, she supported the Canadian pop star at his hockey game in LA (for the second time). And the two took the PDA to the next level: they were spotted kissing at the rink.			Legit
 hy Can't Jessie J Be Bi?			Singer Jessie J, 24, is in the news because of her sexuality again. But this time, it's not because of something the out and outspoken bi artist has done. Just the opposite. This time, it's because of something an unofficial biographer says she hasn't done. And that thing is: have sex with men.			Legit
This is how Kate Middleton is redecorating Kensington Palace			It was announced in January that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be moving to London later this year, settling in the capital for the long term from Autumn.			Legit
Sorry, Paris Hilton Never Actually Ordered Kim K Around On 'The Simple Life'			The Internet loves to remind itself of Kim Kardashian's relatively humble beginnings. That is, before she became the world's most famous reality star, she spent her days toiling as an assistant to then-BFF Paris Hilton.			Legit
Victoria Beckham finally addresses claims she's trying for her FIFTH baby at 42 with husband David			The famous couple, who live in London, already have three sons and a daughter			Legit
Hillary Clinton to Return to Hollywood for March 24 Fundraising Swing			Hillary Clinton will be back in Los Angeles on March 24 for another fundraising swing, including an event expected to be held at a Hollywood nightclub venue.			Legit
Two "Dads" Mentored Bay			Adopted as a baby, Michael Bay began searching for his birth parents when he was a young man. He found his biological mother and for a time his search for his biological father pointed to no less than John Frankenheimer, the auteur director of "The Manchurian Candidate" and other Hollywood classics.			Legit
This Is  hat Brad Pitt Has Been Texting Jennifer Aniston			It has been six months since Brangelina (that's Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie for anyone who has been living under a rock for the last twelve years) announced their split. The couple famously met on set of Mr & Mrs Smith in 2004 while Brad was already married to Friends star Jennifer Aniston, and they sparked a media frenzy when Brad left Jen and pursued a relationship with Ange a short while later.			Legit
Ariana Grande 'broken' as musicians react to Manchester terror attack			Ariana Grande, whose concert at the Manchester Arena was targeted in an attack on Monday night, has joined other celebrities in expressing horror at the events.			Legit
Beyoncé Is Pregnant  ith Twins, Let The Conspiracy Theories Commence			Last night, the world officially went into meltdown after Beyoncé announced she and Jay Z were expecting twins.			Legit
Heidi Klum and Seal Have a Friendly Reunion at Billboard Music Awards 2016			Heidi Klum and Seal were the epitome of friendly exes at the 2016 Billboard Music Awar Sunday night.			Legit
Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom Party Together at His 39th Birthday Party			Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom are enjoying each other's company once again.			Legit
Selena Gomez And Jennifer Aniston Double Date: Jen's Comments About  eeknd  ere Lies			Selena Gomez is currently dating The  eeknd. Her bestfriend Jennifer Aniston is supportive of her but their relationship is sometimes targeted by rumor mongers.			Legit
Mariah Carey, Manager Stella Bulochnikov Split			Mariah Carey and her manager of three years, Stella Bulochnikov, are no longer working together as manager and client, Variety has confirmed.			Legit
Lena Dunham Is Vogue's Latest Covergirl			2014-01-15T12:00:00+00:00			Legit
Beyonce Holds Blue Ivy, Shows Off Baby Bump in Memorial Day Bikini Pic			Oh, baby! Beyoncé, who’s pregnant and expecting twins with husband Jay Z, took to Instagram on Memorial Day, Monday, May 29, to show off her baby bump in an adorable photo featuring their 5-year-old daughter, Blue Ivy.			Legit
 einstein Sues  einstein Company, Demanding Access to Records			Harvey  einstein, who was fired by the studio he had helped found after The New York Times revealed decades of sexual harassment allegations against him, sued the  einstein Company on Thursday to demand access to records and emails.			Legit
Kendall Jenner FINALLY Talks About Those Scott Disick Relationship Rumors			Kendall Jenner and the rest of her famous family are (unfortunately) pretty used to hearing rumors about themselves and their loved ones. Over the years, they've accumulated quite a bit of press coverage — some of it factually untrue — which Ryan Seacrest brought up in a deleted scene from this past Sunday's KU TK 10 year special via E! .			Legit
Jay-Z tour coming to New Orleans in support of new '4:44' album			Jay-Z is headed to the Smoothie King Center in New Orleans on Nov. 9. The hip-hop heavyweight is hitting the road in support of “4:44,” his 13th solo studio album.			Legit
Beyoncé and Jay Z welcome twins			There was no immediate word on the gender of the babies or their names.			Legit
Khloe Kardashian Shares Cute Photo  ith 'Precious' Niece Dream			Family time! Khloé Kardashian celebrated Cinco de Mayo with her nieces and nephews Mason, Penelope, Reign and Dream.			Legit
			Iggy Azalea Responds To Rumors That She's Dating Odell Beckham Jr.			Legit
Khloe Kardashian slams haters who've been trolling her since OJ Simpson was granted parole			Khloe Kardashian has no time for haters.			Legit
'Second Act' Cast Stars Milo Ventimiglia & Jennifer Lopez & No One Can Control Their Emotions			Get ready for one of the hottest movie couples ever... and it's a pretty unexpected one, too! TV heartthrob Milo Ventimiglia just signed on to Jennifer Lopez's upcoming romantic comedy, Second Act, and it sounds like we're going to see some sparks fly between them. Milo Ventimiglia will play J. Lo's boyfriend in the new movie, according to Variety, and the casting news has fans of the two stars shook.			Legit
Kim Kardashian Opens Up to About Life After the Paris Robbery			This morning, Kim Kardashian  est is a few minutes late to breakfast because she can’t get this gel-mask thing off her face. She’s staying in a room in the upper reaches of the Baccarat Hotel in midtown Manhattan. A room with a giant bed in it, in which she slept, butt to butt, with her four-year-old daughter, North. And in that room she applied a mask — of the cosmetic variety, not the Halloween variety — only to discover she couldn’t really get it off.  here did she get this gold gel-mask thing that’s supposed to make your skin healthier? Man, when you’re Kim Kardashian  est, you don’t know where everything comes from. People just give you stuff. The vaults and doors and express-delivery accounts of the world open and a free flow of stuff just washes over you. Kim tries to enjoy it, because that’s the enlightened thing to do. But right now she’s upstairs in her room trying to separate her face from the free gel-mask thing.			Legit
'I was boozing too much': Brad Pitt talks about split from Angelina Jolie			Brad Pitt has revealed he was "boozing too much" and told how he slept on a friend's floor for six weeks after his split from Angelina Jolie because it was "too sad" to return home.			Legit
No, Justin Bieber didn't pee his $690 pants			Next time Justin Bieber buys someone flowers, he's definitely going to include a vase.			Legit
Brad Pitt's Side of the Story: He 'Did Not Hit' Maddox as Plane Fight with Angelina Jolie 'Got Out of Hand,' Says Source			Brad Pitt did not strike his son Maddox during a heated mid-flight argument with Angelina Jolie last week, according to a source with knowledge of the situation.			Legit
Anderson Cooper on Kathy Griffin: 'I hope she bounces back'			Anderson Cooper has made it clear that he isn’t pleased with Kathy Griffin‘s controversial photo of Donald Trump, but the CNN anchor says he hopes his longtime friend can make a comeback after the headline-making ordeal.			Legit
Stop Right Now! The Spice Girls Might Be Planning A Reunion			There are certain things that people just shouldn't joke about. A potential Spice Girls reunion with all five members is one of them.			Legit
Robert Pattinson: 'Twilight's the hardest part I've done'			He made his name as teenage vampire heart-throb Edward Cullen in Twilight. Then his turbulent romance with co‑star Kristen Stewart dominated the world's gossip columns. Now Robert Pattinson is older, wiser and shedding his Hollywood pretty-boy image. He talks about his new role in David Michôd's dystopian outback western The Rover 			Legit
Justin Bieber Asks 'Taylor Swift  hat Up' in Pic  ith Kanye  est			 e're not sure what it means yet, but on Tuesday morning (Aug. 2) Justin Bieber elicited more than 85,000 comments in just under six hours for a snap of himself in round John Lennon-style sunglasses FaceTiming with none other than Kanye  est. But it's the caption that has the Internet speculating: "Taylor swift what up," Bieber wrote.			Legit
Khloe Kardashian’s Best Hair Moments This Fall: See Pics			July 24			Legit
Rosie O'Donnell Sells Her Star Island Mansion for $16.5 Million			2013-06-17T14:07:39-04:00			Legit
Julia Roberts Cuddles Up to Danny Moder Ahead of Their 15th  edding Anniversary			Julia Roberts and husband Danny Moder were spotted on a casual outing in Malibu, CA, on Saturday afternoon. The couple, who is going on 15 years of marriage in July, put on a loving display as they wrapped their arms around each other and Julia appeared to whisper something in Danny's ear.  hile we haven't seen the couple out and about together since November, Julia made history in April when she was named People's Most Beautiful  oman for the fifth time. It was also revealed earlier this week that Julia will be returning to the big screen in Crystal City Entertainment's adaptation of The Bookseller. Julia will not only star in the film, but she's also producing the project alongside Lisa Gillan, Marisa Yeres Gill, Jonathan Rubenstein, and Ari Pinchot.			Legit
Lady Gaga is not pregnant, says representative 			LOS ANGELES: Lady Gaga 's representative has denied reports that the singer is pregnant The rumours were sparked after Gaga was seen sporting what appeared to be a baby bump last week. A magazine claimed in its latest issue that the 29-year-old had "baby on the way."However, the report was debunked by Gaga's representative. The representative told Rumor Fix tabloid that Gaga is not expecting a child with her fiance Taylor Kinney, reports aceshowbiz.com.Fans who were in shock took to Twitter to post photographs of Gaga with "baby bump".Some images showed her hitting the beach with a tight, cream-coloured maxi dress, while in other photographs she was seen wearing a blue kaftan dress when hitting Malibu beach with Kinney.Gaga shared on Instagram a photograph of her with flat tummy on  ednesday. "Daddy's Girl", she captioned it.However, this is not the first time the singer is rumoured to be pregnant. Earlier also there have been speculations on it.			Legit
Mariah Carey in talks for The X Factor - report			Mariah Carey is in talks to join The X Factor judging panel.			Legit
Catherine Zeta-Jones gives marriage advice saying people are too quick to get divorced			Catherine Zeta-Jones has told how she battled through problems with husband Michael Douglas – and said people are "too quick" to divorce.			Legit
Chelsea Handler Thinks 'It's Crazy' People Think Jennifer Aniston Cares About  hat's Going on Between Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt			Laughter is the best medicine when it comes to coping with rumors in Hollywood, at least for Chelsea Handler and bestie Jennifer Aniston.			Legit
Yes, Kim Kardashian And Kanye  est Are Signing A Prenup, But Guess  ho Is  orth More			The fact that Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est plan to sign a prenuptial agreement probably won't come as a surprise to many, but recent claims on who is worth more probably will.			Legit
 hat Jennifer Lopez Just Revealed to Ellen About Drake & Dating Younger Men			Jennifer Lopez stopped by the "Ellen DeGeneres Show," where Ellen put her on the hot seat to ask about her relationship with Drake and the rumor she likes to date younger men.			Legit
The  eeknd Holds Hands  ith Justin Bieber's Ex Yovanna Ventura			 eeks after Selena Gomez was spotted on regular dates with Justin Bieber following her split from ex boyfriend The  eeknd, The  eeknd has now been seen holding hands with Justin Bieber's ex, Yovanna Ventura.			Legit
Kris Jenner Admits to Feeling Like Caitlyn's Scapegoat Amidst Memoir Drama on Kardashians			Kris Jenner wants to set the record straight.			Legit
Kirsten Dunst explains why she was crying on the Cannes 2017 red carpet			Kirsten Dunst was spotted mysteriously crying on the red carpet at this year’s Cannes Film Festival, and now it seems we have an explanation to the sudden outburst.			Legit
Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est Seeking Charity Donations, Not Baby Gifts			No baby gifts here, please!			Legit
Kris Jenner Is Concerned for Future Generations of Kardashians			Kris Jenner, mother of six and grandmother to six more, is a busy matriarch. Since the start of her family’s reality show in 2007, it’s clear that she’s been keeping one eye trained on the reality-TV circus and the other on how that circus affects her family. During a new reality-TV roundtable with The Hollywood Reporter, Jenner said she worries about how her six grandchildren will be affected by the family business.			Legit
'THE MORE THE MERRIER' Lindsay Lohan wants talks with US President Donald Trump and Russian leader Vladimir Putin to solve Syrian refugee crisis			Actress also wants to invite Mean Girls co-star Rachel McAdams and former couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie			Legit
Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn Spend Time with Her Family: 'She Seems Relaxed and Very Happy,' Says Source			Over the weekend, Taylor Swift, 27, and Joe Alwyn, 26, jetted to the States from the U.K. and spent some quality time with her parents, a source tells PEOPLE exclusively.			Legit
Jennifer Lopez teases Bye Bye Birdie, NBC's next live musical			NBC's live telecast of Hairspray is still underway, but Jennifer Lopez is already gearing up for the network's next big musical production, Bye Bye Birdie Live!			Legit
New father Ryan Gosling puffs on a cigarette as he films new movie The Nice Guys			Ryan Gosling on the set of his new film 'The Nice Guys' in Atlanta yesterday[AKM-GSI]			Legit
Selena Gomez gushes over Jenifer Aniston at Cake party			Selena Gomez may be one of the biggest household names in the world, but even she fangirls over her favourite actresses.			Legit
George, Amal Clooney donate $1M to Southern Poverty Law Center to combat hate groups			If money talks, George and Amal Clooney made it shout Tuesday, by donating $1 million to the Southern Poverty Law Center to help fight hate groups in the wake of tragedy and violence in Charlottesville, Va.			Legit
Now There’s Video Proof That Michelle Obama and Beyoncé Hang Out Together			Michelle Obama and Beyoncé have never kept their mutual appreciation a secret. The two have been friends for almost a decade. It started when Beyoncé attended President Obama’s inauguration with her husband, Jay-Z, in 2008, and later serenaded the new first couple with a rendition of Etta James’s “At Last.” Over the years, the two continued to grow closer, collaborating on several causes (including the First Lady’s Let’s Move campaign against childhood obesity), and even bringing their families together at Camp David. And while we knew these two powerhouses were friends, it was hard to picture them just casually hanging out together (their schedules alone must have made it close to impossible). Thankfully, this morning, fan group the Beehive released a short clip on Twitter showing Obama, Beyoncé, and Solange doing just that at the superstar’s birthday party last year.  ho knew a video of Bey and Michelle saying “Bye, Felicia” could be so satisfying?			Legit
Kevin Hart and Eniko Parrish welcome baby			The comedian tweeted Tuesday that his wife, Eniko Parrish, had given birth to their son.			Legit
Jeremy Scott Throws Star-Studded Party to Celebrate His New Ugg Capsule Collection			The red carpet style at the MTV Video Music Awards ran the gamut from bold to outrageous, and after the show, many of the evening’s most colorful dressers found themselves at Jeremy Scott’s party celebrating the designer’s new celebration with Ugg, launching September 13. The star-studded event went down at h.wood Group’s new Los Angeles hot spot Poppy and drew an A-list crowd that included VMAs host Katy Perry , Jared Leto , Paris Jackson, Jasmine Sanders , Adwoa Aboah, G-Eazy, and more.			Legit
Taylor Swift's camp denies that singer is launching her own streaming service			A source close to Taylor Swift has reportedly denied suggestions that the singer is set to launch her own streaming service.			Legit
Halle Berry Jokes About Pregnancy Rumors			UPDATE: Halle Berry joked about the pregnancy rumors in an Instagram post on Monday, June 5. “Can a girl have some steak and fries??” she captioned a pic of herself.			Legit
Is Prince Harry Headed To Yale?			NOT since Prince  illiam chose St Andrews as his alma mater has such fevered excitement existed on a university campus, but students hoping to end up sharing a dorm with a prince will have to look a little further afield this time as rumours emerge that Prince Harry is Yale-bound. The 31-year-old royal is thought to be considering Yale Law School in Connecticut as his next move after leaving the army, and the students are understandably excited			Legit
Ryan Seacrest: Subway Performances Are 'Best Shows In New York' (VIDEO)			Ryan Seacrest not only takes the New York subways, but he also appreciates the occasional performances on the trains. On Tuesday, the “Live” co-host recorded and expressed how much he enjoyed a subway singer performing The Temptations’ “I Got Sunshine” and Ben E. King’s “Stand By Me” while riding the underground rails with everyday New Yorkers. See the video below.			Legit
Fans think Taylor Swift and Drake might be dating - here's all the evidence			Fans think Taylor Swift and Drake are dating. 			Legit
Tom Hanks Officiated Allison  illiams‘s  edding to Ricky Van Veen			Allison  illiams wasn’t on hand to cheer on her Girls co-stars at the Emmy Awards on Sunday night, but she probably didn’t miss the spectacle—she was too busy celebrating being a newlywed. The actress’s wedding to CollegeHumor co-founder Ricky Van Veen took place at a  yoming ranch on Saturday, and so far—like a true Millennial—all she’s shared about the big event is this Instagram, featuring her custom Oscar de la Renta gown.			Legit
YOUNG M.A SAYS NICKI MINAJ IS 'JUST SHO ING LOVE, GIVING PROPS':  ATCH			Getting high praise from Nicki Minaj is anyone's dream, and Fuse First artist Young M.A was the lucky one when Minaj called into the Breakfast Club radio show to talk about the up-and-comer in October.			Legit
A Detailed History of Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber’s On-Again, Off-Again Relationship			2,518 days ago, Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez were spotted—arm in arm—at a Philadelphia IHOP. And so began the long, complicated, and endless saga of “Jelena,” which, in its latest of many twists, has the on-again, off-again couple “hanging out” again amidst news of Gomez’s breakup with The  eeknd.			Legit
AMAL CLOONEY IS THE MOST INFLUENTIAL  OMAN IN LONDON			You'd be forgiven for thinking the most powerful woman in London might be the Duchess of Cambridge, or even supermodel Kate Moss. In fact, it's George Clooney's new bride who has taken out the top spot.			Legit
			Angelina Jolie Embraces Her Inner- itch, and Inner-Mom			Legit
Caitlyn Jenner: Robert Kardashian Believed O.J. Simpson Guilty of Murder			Caitlyn Jenner’s forthcoming memoir, The Secrets of My Life, is billed as a book in which she "reflects on her past as she looks to her future."  hile she touches on a number of topics, such as her Olympic triumph and three failed marriages, the revelation that Robert Kardashian allegedly told her that he believed O.J. Simpson was guilty of killing Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman is making waves.			Legit
Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie Lose Court Case Over Their French Miraval Castle			The place is known as the Miraval Château, a castle and vineyard in the tiny town of Correns, near Aix-en-Provence in the south of France. Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt bought it in 2008 for €45 million (about $67 million at the time), and it hosted their wedding six years later.			Legit
Oscars: Mel Gibson, Casey Affleck and Hollywood's Sliding Scale of Moral Punishment			The men's restroom of the Landmark Theatres in  est L.A. is as good a place as any to gauge the true sentiments of Oscar voters. Following a showing of Hacksaw Ridge a few Saturdays ago, I found myself washing my hands next to two gentlemen — both appeared to be about 63, the average age of Academy members, with one wearing a Kung Fu Panda 2 cap (the kind of hat a grown man doesn't wear unless he worked on the movie) discussing what they had just seen. "Didn't want to like that one but ... ," the first man said, trailing off. "But Mel can direct," the friend finished.			Legit
The Secret to Ellen DeGeneres' Ageless Look			Makeup artist Pati Dubroff has worked with Ellen DeGeneres on ad campaigns and fashion spreads galore, so she knew exactly what look would work best on the talk show host for Shape's May cover shoot-natural and understated with just a hint of color. She used a damp wedge sponge to perfect our cover model's skin with just a touch of CoverGirl Simply Ageless Concealer and Corrector. "Ellen's skin has a natural glow already, so she doesn't need much makeup," says Pati. Not all of us are blessed with such youthful skin, but you can get an amazing complexion like Ellen's with these anti-aging tips from the makeup pro:			Legit
It Appears Selena Gomez Just Adopted a New Puppy  ith The  eeknd			Less than a week ago, Selena Gomez and The  eeknd (a.k.a. Abel Tesfaye) were spotted playing with a pack of puppies at a NYC pet store—and now, it seems, Selena's brought one of them home. After all, the heart wants what it wants ( wink wink ).			Legit
Taylor Swift  ent to ''Great Lengths'' to Keep Her Romance Private			Although news has since broke that Taylor Swift is dating British actor Joe Alwyn, she really did try to keep it under wraps for as long as she possibly could.			Legit
Chris Hemsworth's, Charlize Theron’s Kids Played Together on ‘Huntsman’ Set			A pretty awesome playdate! Chris Hemsworth and Charlize Theron revealed that they both brought their kids to work while they were filming The Huntsman:  inter’s  ar, and it totally changed the dynamics of the set.			Legit
Kim Kardashian explains why she won’t be voting for Trump after all			For a moment there, it seemed that Hillary Clinton had lost the Kim Kardashian vote.			Legit
Paul McCartney Is Not Dead (And Neither Is the Past)			This January marks the tenth anniversary of the Beatles' appearance on the American charts. Last month Rolling Stone conducted its first full-scale interview with Paul McCartney, in six sessions starting in a London recording studio and ending on a New York street. The New York sessions took place the day after McCartney had entered the US for the first time in two years, visa problems stemming from two marijuana violations now finally resolved.			Legit
			Jennifer Garner Has Girls Night Out with Chelsea Handler			Legit
			Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest tear up on air talking about her son with dyslexia			Legit
Spry on her 95th birthday, Betty  hite offers some life advice			Beloved Emmy-winning actress and animal advocate Betty  hite turned 95 on Tuesday. To mark the occasion, the living legend sat down with Yahoo’s Katie Couric to share some of her secrets to living a long and fruitful life. “I am the luckiest old broad on two feet,” she acknowledged.			Legit
Leonardo DiCaprio Also Enjoyed Staring at "Salvator Mundi," $100 Million da Vinci			One might not normally expect to find Leonardo DiCaprio , Patti Smith , Alex Rodriguez, and Jennifer Lopez at the same party (well, the last two, perhaps), but this weekend, all four were among the estimated 4,500 attendees of an auction preview at Christie’s. There, they had the chance to get eyes on “Salvator Mundi,” a Leonardo da Vinci painting previously thought lost that is being touted as “ The Last da Vinci ” leading up to its auction tonight.			Legit
Prince  illiam & Kate Attend First Royal Garden Party of the Season			 ith warm weather comes one thing: garden parties!			Legit
George Clooney, Amal Alamuddin and Famous Guests Kick Off  edding Festivities in Venice			SEE 26 MORE CLOONEY  EDDING PHOTOS! Subscribe now to People's digital edition and get 26 BONUS photos from inside the ceremony, the parties and more, starting today – and pick up the new issue on newsstands.			Legit
Jennifer Aniston: I'm Not a 'Sad, Childless Human'			Jennifer Aniston has no doubt that husband Justin Theroux is the one for her.			Legit
 ild Rumor: Justin Bieber Canceled His Purpose Tour to Start His Own Church			Justin Bieber shocked the Belieber community worldwide yesterday when he abruptly canceled the remainder of his Purpose tour. Bieber had 14 shows left, including several in the U.S. and Asia. A photographer caught the Biebs yesterday in L.A., and he explained he just needed a break after 16 months of touring. "Yeah, everything's fine, yeah" he told the man on camera. "I've been on tour for two years. It is [a long stretch,] yeah. Yes, [I'm looking forward] to resting, getting some relaxation, I'm going to ride some bikes."			Legit
Beyoncé Serves Up Lots of Smiles at Serena  illiams'  edding to Alexis Ohanian			 hen she sees two people “Crazy in Love,” Beyoncé can’t help but smile.			Legit
rad Pitt attends charity concert with Sting in rare public appearance following split from Angelina Jolie			Brad Pitt reemerged in the spotlight Saturday after keeping a low profile for months following his split from Angelina Jolie.			Legit
Caitlyn Jenner: false rumors around her, her strained family ties and her candid memoir! Read on it here! –			RadarOnline published a story about Caitlyn claiming that the transgender reality TV star and former decathlete is going online to explore her sexuality and has been enjoying a number of secret ‘cyber hookups’. The definition of ‘hookups’ has not been clarified in the story. But the report states that Caitlyn Jenner has been into online romances without any offline interactions with the clients. The tabloid has quoted an insider as saying:			Legit
Selena Gomez  as Spotted at The  eeknd's Gig Last Night			Selena Gomez and The  eeknd continue to be one of the cutest couples around. Following Gomez's revelation that she underwent a kidney transplant, it was revealed that the singer allegedly went into kidney failure while visiting The  eeknd on tour over the summer. However, now that Gomez has made a full recovery, she's been spotted at another one of The  eeknd's gigs, and she couldn't look happier.			Legit
Owen  ilson Says His Kids Are Turning into Little Comedians –  atch!			Owen  ilson is opening up about his kids’ potential careers in comedy!			Legit
Michelle Obama open to plastic surgery, Botox injections			As first lady Michelle Obama prepares to turn 50 on Friday, she isn’t ruling out having some work done on her face in the future.			Legit
The Mystery of How Kendall Met the Hadids Has Been Solved			Not too long ago Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid were just two young, unconnected girls who occasionally appeared on their family members' reality television show. Then the world blinked and all the sudden they were burgeoning supermodels and super influencers. Then the world blinked again and they were bonafide supermodel BFFs. Another blink and their sisters, Kylie and Bella, were also burgeoning influence and burgeoning models in their own right.			Legit
Jennifer Hudson And Kelly Clarkson Are Coming To 'The Voice'			On  ednesday, the “Hairspray Live” star shared the news with her followers on Twitter, writing, “Let’s do this #TeamJHud!!” Hudson will sit alongside Miley Cyrus, Adam Levine and Blake Shelton.			Legit
Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate  inslet are Auctioning Off a Dinner Date			Ever wanted to discuss whether both Jack and Rose could have fit on that raft with the actual Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate  inslet ?  ell, you're in luck. At least if you've got some money on hand and are feeling generous.			Legit
Lindsay Lohan talks drugs, booze, rehab, sex			Just days before checking into court-ordered rehab last week, the actress spoke extensively to Piers Morgan in an article for London's Daily Mail newspaper, which published it in this Sunday's edition.			Legit
Kris Jenner Just Broke Her Silence On Kylie's Pregnancy			If you didn't already know that Kylie Jenner is pregnant, well, let me be the first to tell you: Kylie Jenner is pregnant!			Legit
Joe Giudice, Real Housewives' husband, transfers from New Jersey prison			CAMDEN, N.J. — The jailed husband of reality TV star Terese Giudice is being moved to a prison where he can receive a deportation hearing, authorities say.			Legit
Meghan Markle Is Reportedly Moving Into Kensington Palace  ith Prince Harry			If reports are to be believed, then Meghan Markle could be about to give her current living sitch a royal upgrade. Literally.			Legit
The Queen 'will not step aside for Prince Charles', sources say			The Queen has no intention of stepping aside for Prince Charles and remains committed to her duty to the nation, it has been reported.			Legit
Here's How Brad Pitt Feels About Donald Trump as President			As a southern man born in Oklahoma and raised in Missouri, Brad Pitt stems from a place where people typically support Donald Trump and his run in the 2016 Presidential Election.			Legit
Obama Says Leaving Malia at College  as ‘Like Open-Heart Surgery’			After Malia Obama went off to Harvard University last month, her father couldn’t hold back the tears.			Legit
Jennifer Lawrence recalls time she got drunk with Kris Jenner and stripped naked			Jennifer Lawrence had a blast filling in for Jimmy Kimmel on his late-night show Thursday.			Legit
Brad Pitt is not reuniting with Jennifer Aniston; claims of Angelina Jolie threatening him debunked			Amid news of a happy reunion between Brad Pitt and his children, a report claimed that the actor received some strict guidelines from his former wife Angelina Jolie to keep their brood of six away from his ex Jennifer Aniston.			Legit
Katie Holmes Honors Daughter Suri  ith Film Credit			Katie Holmes praises her daughter Suri Cruise in a special note included in the credits of her new film.			Legit
Laverne Cox and Rob Lowe applaud Caitlyn Jenner for ESPYS speech			Celebrities including LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E and RUSSELL SIMMONS have taken to social media to congratulate CAITLYN JENNER for her powerful acceptance speech at the ESPYS on  ednesday night (15Jul15).			Legit
Keeping Up  ith Kendall Jenner			 hen it was announced last week that Kendall Jenner would be the new face of Estée Lauder, a coveted contract that in the past has gone to actresses like Gwyneth Paltrow and Elizabeth Hurley and supermodels like Joan Smalls, the company did not promote the news by way of the usual public-relations machine, with news releases or email blasts.			Legit
Taylor Swift Cries During Selena Gomez's Heartbreaking AMA Performance, Gets Some Serious Side Eye			Taylor Swift was moved to tears by Selena Gomez's debut performance of "The Heart  ants  hat It  ants" at the 2014 American Music Awards.			Legit
Rosie O'Donnell,  hoopi Goldberg swap weight-loss stories			(CNN) -- "The View" returned to TV on Monday with a new set, two new faces and a pair of returning hosts who've spent their time away focusing on their health.			Legit
 hat’s Kanye  est’s Next Move?			There’s something missing. Can you feel it? A slight twinge in the universe, quick and subtle, but a definite sign that something in the world just shifted. Ah, here’s what it is—Kanye  est just deleted his Twitter and Instagram accounts.			Legit
Kendall Jenner cries over Pepsi ad backlash in ‘Keeping Up  ith the Kardashians’ premiere			Remember Pepsi’s tone-deaf Kendall Jenner commercial back in April? The one that made people furious, because it appropriated images from Black Lives Matter protests to sell soda?			Legit
Kim Kardashian fails to congratulate Beyonce over twin pregnancy news while BFF Chrissy Teigen appears to mock superstar's announcement			The reality star did not join the list of stars tweeting their joy about Bey's good news			Legit
			Kim Kardashian on How the Aftermath of Her Robbery Inspired Her New Crystal Gardenia Fragrance (Exclusive)			Legit
			Taylor Swift seems to be naked in new music video			Legit
 hat Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn’s "Very Normal" Relationship Is Like			Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are currently doing the private relationship thing: They haven’t stepped out in public together and the only way Swift has talked about her British boyfriend of almost a year is through song ("…Ready For It?" and "Gorgeous," according to fans). But Us  eekly has a report on how things are going for the two these days. Alwyn and Swift are “very much in love,” a source told the outlet.			Legit
Justin Bieber's 'Purpose' show at Barclays Center lacks focus			Justin Bieber may need to work a little harder on his focus.			Legit
How Janet Jackson lost 70 pounds			The 51-year-old new mom is sporting a sleek physique that her trainer says she accomplished without putting in massive hours of cardio, reportedly shedding 70 pounds.			Legit
Kim And Kanye Silence Divorce Rumors  ith Family Photo			Kanye took to Twitter on Tuesday to share a photo of his family, simply writing, "Happy Holidays." In the picture, seemingly taken at Kris Jenner's annual Christmas Eve party, Kim and a newly blond Kanye pose with their children, North, 3, and Saint, 1.			Legit
EXCLUSIVE:  HERE  ILLIAM, KATE, AND GEORGE ARE HEADED FOR A MONTH-LONG SUMMER VACATION			They have spent the last two days supporting Great Britain at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, but __ illiam__and __Kate__can look forward to a well-deserved month off in August.			Legit
Here's  hat Happened  hen Kim Kardashian Finally Revealed Her Identity To Her Surrogate			Kim also explained in the interview why she didn't invite the surrogate to her baby shower. (She has to explain to whole sitch to her kids first.) Overall, it sounds like Kim and her surrogate have a solid relationship.			Legit
Jennifer Aniston dashes 'Friends' reunion hopes			Jennifer Aniston has once again broken hearts by shooting down the possibility of a "Friends" reunion.			Legit
Late-Night Hosts React to O.J. Simpson Parole News			O.J. Simpson was granted parole Thursday, after serving almost nine years in prison for armed robbery and assault with a weapon, and late-night TV had a lot to say about it.			Legit
Moving fashion forward: Brooding Tom Hiddleston has a new blonde in his life as he poses with dog for suave Gucci campaign after Taylor Swift split			He's one of Hollywood's most debonair stars.			Legit
One Direction's Harry Styles Enjoys Skiing Holiday  ith Kendall Jenner Amid Romance Claims			The 'Best Song Ever' star and Kendall were seen carrying their skiing and snowboarding gear together over the weekend.			Legit
Aid worker claims Angelina Jolie adopted son Maddox using fake details			A Cambodian aid worker is making extraordinary claims about Angelina Jolie's 2003 adoption of eldest son Maddox Jolie-Pitt.			Legit
Tyga Reveals Details About Kylie Jenner Breakup			In a new interview with Big Boy TV, Tyga-a month out from his split with Kylie Jenner-revealed new information about what led to the couple's demise.			Legit
Prince died of accidental overdose of opioid fentanyl, medical examiner says			Ramsey, Minnesota (CNN) Toxicology tests for Prince concluded that the entertainer died from an accidental overdose of the opioid fentanyl, according to a report on his death by the Midwest Medical Examiner's Office.			Legit
Katharine McPhee Sets The Record Straight On Her Love Life & Relationship  ith David Foster			Katharine McPhee isn't giving away all of her secrets, but she is definitely giving away some.			Legit
Nicole Kidman Charmingly Bungles Through a Comment on Her Alexander Skarsgård Kiss at the Emmys			Ah, Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban. She, an Australian film fixture once married to Hollywood’s leading man. He, an Australian country singer with a Nashville heart. Together they are a bi-coastal, bi-country, bi-continent power couple. Go on, watch them walk down any red carpet together and try to remain uncharmed. They’re two charm factories who make distinctive hair choices! You have no chance! That’s why when she won best actress for her electric Big Little Lies role, and kissed her television husband, the very tall Alexander Skarsgård, on the lips while her actual husband looked lovingly on, everyone was like, “ hat? Huh? On the lips?”			Legit
'The Voice' playoffs kick off with Blake Shelton and Jennifer Hudson's comeback artists			Everyone deserves a second chance, right?			Legit
Nicki Minaj Did NOT  ear Hot Pants And Crop Top To Serena  illiams’  edding, Despite Report 			Nicki Minaj did not wear hot pants and a crop top to Serena  illiams’ wedding, despite a bogus report based on a photoshopped image. For starters, the rapper didn’t even attend the tennis star’s nuptials. Gossip Cop can set the record straight.  illiams got married to internet entrepreneur Alexis Ohanian in front of friends and family in New Orleans on Thursday. The guest list included many celebrities, including Beyonce, Kim Kardashian, Kelly Rowland, Anna  intour, Ciara and Eva Longoria. Minaj wasn’t in attendance, but the Irish website Her posted a doctored Instagram photo that shows her posing at the party with Beyonce and Rihanna. The site titled its inaccurate article, “ hat Nicki Minaj wore to Serena  illiams’ wedding is not really OK,” and says the singer showed up to the ceremony sporting “white leather hotpants and a crop top.” The misinformed outlet insists Minaj’s outfit was “kinda too much,” further maintaining that she “very much overstepped a wedding etiquette line.” But the site’s opinion about the rapper’s attire is completely moot. Neither Minaj or Rihanna were at the tennis player’s wedding. Both music stars were superimposed into a photo of Beyonce posing alone at the ceremony. It’s unclear if the Irish outlet is trying to trick its readers or get duped by the fake image itself, but Minaj didn’t wear an inappropriate outfit to  illiams’ wedding, which she didn’t attend. It should be noted, Gossip Cop has had to debunk several false stories surrounding the tennis star’s nuptials in the short time since she walked down the aisle.  e recently busted HollywoodLife for fabricating a report about Beyonce and Kardashian having an “icy exchange” at the wedding. Gossip Cop also called out RadarOnline for making up a story about Kardashian getting yelled at for using her phone at  illiams’ wedding. This latest article related to the event is similarly phony.			Legit
Mehgan James Speaks Out On Rob Kardashian Dating Rumors			Has Rob Kardashian found a new boo in Bad Girls Club alum Mehgan James? Media outlets began reporting last week that Rob and Mehgan were in the "early stages" in their relationship, with an anonymous insider telling In Touch, "Rob's been seeing Mehgan James for almost three months, and most of the Kardashians are very upset about it because Mehgan is known for being out of control and volatile. The Kardashians want Rob to find a woman who is kind and calm."			Legit
Blake Shelton Addresses Rumors On Twitter In The Best Possible  ay			Blake Shelton has had about enough of all the tabloid chatter regarding him and his wife, Miranda Lambert.			Legit
Miranda Lambert  rites Loving Post for 2-Year Anniversary with Boyfriend Anderson East			Miranda Lambert marked her second anniversary with Anderson East Tuesday by sharing a sweet snap on Instagram of herself and her musical beau sharing a kiss.			Legit
Analysis | Kanye  est and how hip-hop tackles mental health			It's not totally clear what's going on with Kanye  est. The rapper, who was filmed delivering onstage rants during recent shows in California, on Monday canceled the remaining 21 dates in his Saint Pablo tour. Hours later, he was reportedly hospitalized for stress and exhaustion.			Legit
‘Megyn Kelly Today’ Ratings Not All Sunshine for NBC’s New Morning Host			 ith its host reportedly making a salary of $17 million a year and a new set having been constructed within NBC’s Rockefeller Plaza headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, “Megyn Kelly Today” is more costly than the previous 9 a.m. segment of “Today.” Losing viewers, in the long run, would be a problem.			Legit
Scarlett Johansson's New Man Has Confirmed They Are Dating			From the editors of HelloGiggles			Legit
			Inside Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner's Family Vacation in the Bahamas, Two Months After Filing for Divorce			Legit
Kevin Hart and  ife Eniko Parrish Share Sweet Photos of Baby Kenzo			Kevin Hart and wife Eniko Parrish shared an adorable photo of their newborn, Kenzo Kash Hart, and the parents couldn’t help but gush!			Legit
Robert Pattinson: ‘Good Time’ ‘Helped Me Become a Better Actor’			Robert Pattinson is earning rave reviews for his intense and electrifying performance in A24’s crime thriller, “Good Time.” Under the helm of directors and brothers Josh and Benny Safdie, the “Twilight” star hides his dashing good looks to portray a grimy, bleached blond, goatee-sporting, crook from Queens, New York, who embarks on a mission to bail his mentally impaired brother (played by co-director Benny) out of prison after a failed robbery attempt.  hile taking on the demanding role, Pattinson said the experience has helped him mature into a commanding actor.			Legit
Kim Kardashian's Sweet Message About Serena  illiams' 'Prince': 'He Makes Her So Happy'			From the beginning, Kim Kardashian  est knew Serena  illiams had found her prince in Alexis Ohanian.			Legit
Jane Fonda really didn't want to talk about plastic surgery with Megyn Kelly			Fonda appeared with Robert Redford on "Megyn Kelly Today" on  edesnday to promote their new film, "Our Souls at Night." But the interview took a turn mere minutes in as Kelly turned the conversation with the two legends to the subject of aging.			Legit
Zayn on Taylor Swift: "I Think She Deserves Her Success"			Former One Direction member and perennial pop heartthrob Zayn Malik is notoriously guarded. But in an interview with The Fader following the release of his new single with Sia “Dusk Till Dawn,” he did offer up a positive review of fellow pop star Taylor Swift, with whom he collaborated on the chart-topping single “I Don’t  anna Live Forever” in late 2016.			Legit
Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi Host Saving SPOT! Fundraiser			It's been a busy October so far with pet rescue events seemingly popping up all over the greater Los Angeles area.			Legit
Gwen Stefani Shockingly Ruptures Eardrum & Is Forced To Cancel Show — Is She Okay?			Poor Gwen Stefani! The singer shockingly ruptured her eardrum and was forced to cancel an April 27 concert in Las Vegas because of her medical emergency. This is so scary. Is Gwen’s hearing going to be okay?			Legit
Billy Bush officially sacked from NBC Today show after leaked lewd Donald Trump tape scandal			Bush was suspended at the morning show two days after contents of the 2005 tape were reported on October 7.			Legit
 hy Justin Timberlake Didn’t Go to the Emmys  ith Jessica Biel			Jessica Biel stunned at the 2017 Emmy Awards in L.A. on Sunday, September 17, without her usual award show date, husband Justin Timberlake, by her side — and it turns out that the actress, 35, was riding solo for a very good reason.			Legit
Ryan Seacrest & Girlfriend Shayna Taylor Step Out for a Good Cause			Ryan Seacrest brought his girlfriend Shayna Taylor out for a great cause last night!			Legit
Angelina Jolie, Unbroken			“I never expect to be the one that everybody understands or likes,” Angelina Jolie says. “And that’s O.K., because I know who I am, and the kids know who I am.”			Legit
Miley Cyrus Reflects on Her Breakup  ith Liam Hemsworth: "I  as on the Right Path"			Miley Cyrus recently dropped her new single, "Malibu," which is clearly inspired by her rekindled relationship with Liam Hemsworth, and during an interview with SiriusXM's Hits 1 in Hollywood earlier this week, the 24-year-old singer further opened up about her 2013 split from Liam. "I think — know — that everything is happening for the right reason, and I knew that when we weren't together for the first time," Miley said of the advice she would give her younger self. "I didn't know if that was the end of it, or if we'd be back together again, but knew that wherever I was going, I was on the right path."			Legit
Kanye  est Celebrates 40th Birthday  ith Kim Kardashian in the Bahamas, Then Gets Back to  ork			The “Famous” rapper rocked a beige sweater, camouflage cargo pants, and his new, unreleased Yeezy sneakers while leaving a business meeting on  ednesday (June 7) in Calabasas, Calif.			Legit
'Please make babies!' Fans go into overdrive as they beg Prince Harry to DATE Rihanna after the pair meet in Barbados (but what about Meghan?)			Prince Harry, 32, met Rihanna this week during a visit to Barbados 			Legit
Jamie Foxx and Katie Holmes Hit New York Fashion  eek			Jamie Foxxand Katie Holmes have hit the Big Apple. 			Legit
Ray J Confronts Rumors He Slid Into Malia Obama’s DM			Kanye’s favorite porn star says rumors he tried to DM President Obama’s daughter are not true. Ray posted a video on Instagram after several websites reported on the story without any actual evidence to support their claims.			Legit
Kanye  est is launching his own makeup line called Donda			Rapper-come-designer Kanye  est has already conquered the music industry and taken on fashion with his Yeezy line, but now it seems that  est is taking cues from his 19-year-old sister-in-law Kylie Jenner and branching out with a beauty brand.			Legit
Hollywood Film Awards: See what Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie and more were wearing			The Hollywood Film Awards took place last night in Los Angeles, with Margot Robbie (pictured in Louis Vuitton), Angelina Jolie and Dakota Johnson among the glamorous guests.			Legit
			Does Drake's New Single Mean He's Already Done  ith His Most Recent Album?			Legit
			Justin Bieber carries a bible while donning preppy tennis clothes			Legit
Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs Take Cannes in His-and-Hers Dior			Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs rarely adhere to traditional rules of style, and when it was time for the pair to hit Cannes , they gave the red carpet a daring couples' moment.  earing his-and-hers Dior at the premiere of Pattinson’s latest film, Good Time , they showed two sides of the storied French brand, with Pattinson, a face of the label, going classic in a dapper three-piece Dior Homme black suit and Twigs opting for audacity in a postcard print-covered dress.			Legit
Jennifer Aniston's spokesman denies reports the 47-year-old actress expecting 'miracle baby'			Jennifer Aniston's representative has denied reports in the US that the 47-year-old actress was pregnant.			Legit
Guy Ritchie enjoys laid-back bike ride with son Rocco amid claims ex-wife Madonna is 'close to agreeing a deal for the teen to stay in London'			Madonna and Guy Ritchie are battling for custody of son, 15, through court			Legit
Kim Kardashian flips over paparazzi photos showing her in a bikini on vacation: 'I literally don't look like this!'			 In April, Kim Kardashian  est went on vacation in Mexico to celebrate her sister Kourtney's birthday. Paparazzi photos of Kim at the beach quickly surfaced online, prompting some people to criticize the reality TV star's cellulite.			Legit
Jim Carrey Says He Has Sailed a 'River of Sorrow' in Emotional Stage Appearance			The 55-year-old comedian stopped by documentarian and activist Michael Moore‘s Broadway show The Terms of My Surrender on Thursday night for a candid conversation about the current political climate in the wake of president Donald Trump‘s election.			Legit
Angelina Jolie on Cambodia 'awakening'			Angelina Jolie has spoken about how Cambodia was her "awakening", as she premiered her new film in the country.			Legit
Jennifer Aniston sparks adoption rumors			Before you go, we thought you'd like these...			Legit
Melania Trump 'will wear Ralph Lauren at her husband's inauguration'			Ralph Lauren is the latest frontrunner in the race to design Melania Trump's inauguration outfit,  omen's  ear Daily reported Tuesday.			Legit
Tom Hiddleston speaks out about Taylor Swift relationship: 'Of course it was real'			The silence on Hiddleswift has been broken – from Tom Hiddleston's side, at least.			Legit
Dancing with the Stars 2017 Cast Includes Charo, Bonner Bolton, Heather Morris & More!			 ho's on Dancing with the Stars? Let's find out! The new Dancing with the Stars 2017 cast was announced on Good Morning America! The Season 24 contestants debuted on the Season Premiere, which also marked the 400th episode of Dancing with the Stars. The show airs MONDAYS 8|7c on ABC. This season's lineup includes Bonner Bolton, Mr. T, Olympians Simone Biles and Nancy Kerrigan, Heather Morris and the original "Cuchi-Cuchi" girl, Charo, just to name just a few. Check out the full Dancing with the Stars cast below after you enjoy the amazing opening number from the Season 24 Premiere!			Legit
Chris Pratt Is The Latest Star To Join Star-Studded Hillsong Church			Justin Bieber may have a new pal at Bible study. According to Entertainment Tonight, Chris Pratt was spotted at the Los Angeles parish of Hillsong Church, a hotspot that's frequented by Bieber and Kourtney Kardashian.			Legit
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux Made One "Massive Miscalculation"  hile Planning Their Secret  edding			Uncomfortable seating aside, it sounded as though Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux's secret wedding, this summer, went off without a hitch. Incredibly, details about the Malibu nuptials were not leaked to press. Jimmy Kimmel did a "beautiful" job ordaining the ceremony, finding the perfect balance between sweet and funny. Howard Stern gave a speech. And afterward, the newlyweds embarked on the fanciest group honeymoon of which we've ever heard. But on  ednesday, while promoting the new season of HBO's The Leftovers, Theroux revealed that the duo did make one "massive miscalculation" when planning the wedding.			Legit
Lady Gaga Announces Netflix Documentary, Talks Madonna Feud			Lady Gaga is ready to open up. The “Joanne” singer has a candid documentary titled Gaga: Five Foot Two premiering on Netflix on September 22.			Legit
Lindsay Lohan Is Reportedly Engaged To Russian Heir			At long last, Lindsay Lohan has found love. 			Legit
 ho could succeed Anna  intour at US Vogue?			As rumours that Sarah Jessica Parker will succeed Anna  intour at US Vogue are shot down, we ask:  ho could step into  intour's Manolo Blahniks when the time comes?			Legit
Glenn Close denies that she pipped Meryl Streep to play Hillary Clinton			Forget what you heard: Glenn Close has not pipped Meryl Streep to play Hillary Clinton in an upcoming movie about the former Secretary of State and presidential hopeful's life.			Legit
Drake Cancels Amsterdam Concert (Again) After Doors Had Opened			UPDATE: After this post was published, TMZ reported that the cancelation was due to "bad sushi."			Legit
Kitesurfing, Lunch with Bono, Golfing in Hawaii: All About the Obamas' Life Now			They've broken free of the  hite House bubble and they're not looking back.			Legit
Miley And Liam Fighting? False Rumors Swirl That They're In A Feud Over A Supposed Prenup			Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth fighting? A new report claims that Cyrus and Hemsworth had a huge fight over their supposed prenup while they were making their wedding plans.			Legit
About That Time Princess Diana  atched The Golden Girls and Crashed a Gay Bar with Freddie Mercury			Princess Diana may have had more fun while married into the British royal family than we had originally thought. In her new book, British comedy actress Cleo Rocos says that she, Queen front man Freddie Mercury, and comedian Kenny Everett sneaked Princess Diana into a south-London gay bar, Royal Vauxhall Tavern, in the late 1980s. Rocos recalls the evening in The Power of Positive Drinking, writing that the trio dressed up the beloved late royal in disguise-an army jacket, cap, and sunglasses, according to an account of the story by the A.F.P.-and were able to enjoy themselves covertly thanks to Mercury's popularity in the crowd:			Legit
Ellen DeGeneres sends her producer to another haunted house			This is probably the one time of year you don't want Ellen DeGeneres as your boss.			Legit
Kendall and Kylie spent Father's Day with Caitlyn, but Kris Jenner is still furious with her ex			Have the Kardashian-Jenners decided to forgive Caitlyn for her tell-all memoir? Um... some have.			Legit
Here's How Caitlyn Jenner Celebrated Father's Day			Caitlyn Jenner took Father’s Day to the extreme—by going off-roading with members of her family.			Legit
Jennifer Aniston, Diva? Actress Rumored To Be 'Unapproachable' On Set, Doesn't Socialize (REPORT)			Could this former "Friend" be less than friendly in real life? Rumor has it that's the case.			Legit
Kendall Jenner Cheers on Blake Griffin at L.A. Clippers Game Amid News They're Getting Serious			Kendall Jenner is standing by her man.			Legit
Those Miley Cyrus wedding rumours have been cleared up			Miley Cyrus's sister, Noah Cyrus, has addressed rumours that her big sister married Liam Hemsworth.			Legit
Gwen Stefani  ill Reunite with Boyfriend Blake Shelton to Coach The Voice Season 12			The pop star will be reunited with boyfriend Blake Shelton as well as longtime coach Adam Levine for the twelfth season of the NBC singing competition, the show announced Tuesday. Rounding out the celebrity panel is current coach Alicia Keys.			Legit
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez excite fans			(CNN)Like love, hope springs eternal for Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez fans.			Legit
Has Harry Styles written songs about Kendall Jenner on his new album?			It seems Harry Styles has opened up a lot more than usual in his new interview with Rolling Stones - not only did he finally address his 2012 relationship with Taylor Swift, but the 23-year-old has admitted that his upcoming solo album features some songs inspired by his most recent ex girlfriend aka Kendall Jenner.			Legit
Kylie Jenner's Plastic Surgeon Has a Message About Her Lip Fillers			 hile the internet hunts for clues about Kylie Jenner's maybe pregnancy (along with Khloé Kardashian's maybe pregnancy and Kim Kardashian's confirmed pregnancy), at least one person has wondered, what of the reality star's famous lip fillers?			Legit
Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth wore wedding rings on 'SNL' — and now fans are convinced they got married			The couple were in a "Saturday Night Live" sketch together. Saturday Night Live/YouTube			Legit
