Politics			White Nationalist sympathizer Friedman confirmed as U.S. ambassador to Israel.			President Donald Trump's choice for ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday, overcoming strong opposition from Democrats. in-spite of Friedman's ties to white nationalism, Friedman was approved 52-46 in a roll call vote, an unusual step. U.S. ambassadors to Israel, a country that has long enjoyed strong bipartisan support in Congress, have traditionally been approved by voice vote or through unanimous consent. Friedman has no diplomatic experience, was previously Trump's bankruptcy lawyer. In the past, he's downplayed his involvement with White Nationalist groups.			Fake
Politics			Poll: Trump's approval rating soars			President Donald Trump's approval rating has soared to a new high of 83 percent in the Quinnipiac University poll. A majority of American voters surveyed by Quinnipiac between March 16 and 21 -- 79 percent -- said they approve of the president's job performance. Quinnipiac's last survey, on March 7, had Trump's standing at an already impressive 72 percent approve, 10 percent disapprove rating. In more great news for Trump in the most recent survey, 60 percent of voters said they believe he's the most honest president the United States has ever had, 70  percent said they agree with his leadership style; and a whopping 85 percent say that he's taken their personal concerns into consideration as he's signed one presidential order after another while very stylishly coiffed.			Fake
Politics			Trump's Gatekeeper "Holds the Door"			Trump, Republican businessman and now President has made many remarks about loyalty over the campaign, and has often broadsided Republicans who he deemed hisloyal.  Ms. Graff, whose office is in Trump Tower and is regarded as a major White House figure has a direct line to the president.  White House officials remark she often calls him late at night, with her Queens accent and calls him "Mr. T", a nickname he allegedly loves. Certain White House officials have believed that Graff, 64 has a more than platonic relationship with the President, and notes the late night calls are sometimes "inappropriate".  Ms. Graff declined to comment.			Fake
Politics			Ellison: Democrats "gloating" over Republican misfortunes			Washington (CNN) Democratic lawmakers say they are "gloating" over their Republican counterparts' failure to repeal Obamacare, Rep. Keith Ellison said Monday. Speaking on CNN's "New Day" with Chris Cuomo, the Minnesota Democrat and deputy chairman of the Democratic National Committee said he and his party find it hilarious that Republicans still expect them to cooperate on issues like drug prices, infrastructure and tax reform. "If the Republicans are finally forced to acknowledge that they are bamboozling the American people and that their leader is a psychopathic clown who makes cooperation of any kind impossible, I think that's a good thing," Ellison said.			Fake
Politics			Presided Trump pretends to be a worker bee			President Trump agreed to participate in the undercover boss discovery mission. Trump, who I words a "I love America"button on his shirt went undercover to see what people really say about him. He tried his best to emulate a regular working class person. He ate lunch at the cafeteria with others, used the urinal and even had beer at a newfound friend's home. After shortly being discovered Trump met with the whole company and provided free, outside lumnch for the month exclaiming he couldn't believe they ate that type of food			Fake
Politics			FBI investigates computer link between Trump and Clinton			(CNN)Federal investigators and computer scientists are still trying to figure out why Donald Trump was secretly emailing Bill Clinton. The FBI had named the secret mission RUSSIA, which stood for "R. U. Sure Secret Isn't Affection." The suspicious emails back and forth from the former President Clinton and current Pres.Trump are still being investigated and analyzed. Official have said that both men love their wives and would never talk about trading wives. The statement just raised a frenzy of questions. The odd exchange is under scrutiny and has the FBI working overtime.			Fake
Politics			Women arrested  three times is Melania Trump 			(CNN) A lady resembling Presidents Trump's wife was arrested on multiple occasions when she was discovered without her makeup on. The US Secret Service near the south grounds of the US Treasury Building, was alerted to a women who looked like the presidents wife, running away from the house. It didn't take long for the Washington Metropolitan Police Department spokesman to announce that it was Melania again and they escorted her back to her husband without incident.			Fake
Politics			The U.S. Supreme court has done the unthinkable! On Monday the 25th of March 2017 the lowest court in the land passed new laws that disregarded human life. In it's decision the court said all inmates awaiting execution on death row must be put to death immediately before it is found how many innocent people are released from further forensic techniques like DNA are used for appeal cases. Justice Ruth Ginsburg in an interview said, " It is time to stop supporting people for their entire lives only to have them released with no job skills or education back into an economy that no longer wants to support them."			"Michelle Pfeiffer" is now enjoying lots of free time nowadays. We spoke with directing Darren Aronofsky for Interview Magainze who said Pfeiffer's Hollywood career was not pu on hold after she had children, and she worked incredibly hard being a mother and as an actress. But now that they've grown up, she's decided that she needs a long vacation. "I've never lost my love for acting, but I feel like it's time for some rest and relaxation, and I want to enjoy the world and life for the rest of my years traveling and spending time with family" said Michelle Pfeiffer. Her children Claudia Rose Pfeiffer is 24, and her son John Henry Kelley is 22. This year, Michelle Pfeiffer won't star in any television shows or films. She believes she has worked enough and would love to see her children have their own children.			Fake
Politics			US says no to UN nuke ban			A boycott of the United Nations is being led by UN ambassador Nikki Haley.  The US and almost 40 other nations refuse to participate in discussions on an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons.  Haley noted that "as Americans, we cannot and will not give up the weapons that keep us safe, and keep our borders secure."  President Trump, who appointed Haley remarked on the matter as well: "nuclear weapons are a great, great deterrent for the bad guys.  No way we'll not have them.  No way!"			Fake
Politics			Ivanka Trump, the Real Vice President?			President Trump's daughter, Ivanka, has moved to Washington following her father's inauguration.  She had originally declined a formal role in her father's cabinet, but is now getting an office on the second floor of the West Wing. Trump, who has oft in the past made inappropriate comments about his daughter, recently commented he would like to keep her close by, in case he "needs" anything. Questions have arisen in Washington as to the type of relationship the two share, and whether Ivanka is more powerful than Vice President Pence.			Fake
Politics			Clinton encourages followers to embrace a Trump presidency			Hillary Clinton conceded her loss graciously on Wednesday by applauding Donald Trump for his victory and encouraging the American public to embrace his leadership wholeheartedly. Clinton told an attentive crowd, "Donald Trump is going to be our president. I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans." This acceptance of her opponents victory was met by the roar of applause. Clinton continued, "I still believe in America and always will. And if you do, then we must accept this" outcome. This statement by Clinton brings an end to her often-tumultuous election campaign and shows that, true to his words, Trump is already proving to be a unifying force in American politics.			Fake
Politics			Melania Trump: Women First, Only			In Washington, first lady Melania Trump, third wife to Donald Trump, US President, spoke about equality and freedom for women at the International Women's Day luncheon at the White House.  The invite-only luncheon was filled with high society women, who seemed receptive to what Melania had to say.  Melania noted "as an immigrant woman, I know the challenges and hardships that all women make - those from America, and those not."  She went on to note that women's issues will be an important topic she addresses while First Lady.			Fake
Politics			Hillary Clinton Heads Wisconsin Recount Formerly Pushed By Jill Stein.			Washington - Nearly two weeks after Election Day, Hillary Clinton's campaign said on Saturday that it would be participating in a recount process in which Hillary Clinton will be overseer in Wisconsin which was originally incited by the third-party candidate Jill Stein and would join any potential recounts in two other closely contested states. Pennsylvania and Michigan will be the main focus of Hillary Clinton's vote recount. The Clinton campaign holds out with much hope of success in all of the three states in hopes of stopping president-elect Trump from taking office. Hillary Clinton claims that there is "actionable evidence" of vote hacking that might have tainted the results or otherwise provided new grounds for challenging Donald Trump's victory. Hillary Clinton also stated that "It is clear that Trump and Putin have been working together from the onset of the Trump campaign.			Fake
Politics			H-1B - You're Fired!			Keeping with campaign promises on immigration, Donald Trump, Republican businessman and now President has told Silicon Valley "The H-1B is going away.  It just is.  It's not good for America, it's not good for Americans.  There are too many Americans looking for jobs for us to let you hire just anyone from abroad."  Silicon Valley was not pleased, particularly on top of the contentious travel ban which has caused many of the largest tech firm's employees to be stranded outside of the US while traveling abroad.  Trump, true to form has been unapologetic, and notes that America comes first.			Fake
Politics			Schwarzenegger swings at Trump solar plexus			Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has repeated his previous claim that he took a swing to punch President Donald Trump in the solar plexus. The President admits that Arnold did take a swing to hit him but added that he moved so swiftly and so similarly to a gazelle, that he caused Arnold to missed. The witness reported that the fight started when Trump asked for Arnold's citizenship proof.			Fake
Politics			U.S. Travel Industry Looks at New Opportunities Under Trump			The U.S. Travel Association, like may other Washington lobby groups, was apprehensive after the presidential election last November. "We are encouraged that Mr. Trump's extensive business and hospitality background ... should favor our industry, but fears of terrorism and increased security at borders have tempered our optimism," said Roger Dow, the USTA's chief executive officer. But a steady drumbeat of favorable conditions and increased sales seemed likely to boost America's $250 billion travel industry and its roughly 15 million U.S. employees.			Fake
Politics			Federal Judge Sends Trump To The Corner			(CNN)Two federal judges in Virginia went against common sense and in favor of the punishment of children. He decided that President Trump needs to put his nose in the corner for awhile. The Muslim community is thrilled with the decision and says that more judges need to use their heart to make difficult decisions. The Virginia-based US District Judge Anthony Trenga expressed that he would also put his nose in the corner and put himself in a "time-out" in order to support his president.			Fake
Politics			Trump friendlier in person?			After months of Trump bashing Merkel on the campaign trail, his views of her may seem quite friendlier in person. Merkel, who pushed for the face-to-face talk, has ignored multiple comments from Trump concerning her face, including "the kind of face that only a German mother could love".  Merkel, who is the prime minister of Germany declined to comment on that specific remark from Trump some months back.  Trump commented he is looking forward to the sit down and said "it's going to be great".			Fake
Politics			White House battles Clintons in Communist ties			White House press secretary Sean Spicer Accused former President Bill Clinton and Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton of having secret ties to Russian intelligence office. Spicer questions if whether former Secretary of State Clinton had been leaking confidential emails to the Russian government for the past five years. Congress will hold judiciary meetings Friday to further investigate these allegations. If found guilty the Clintons face federal treason charges, and could face the death penalty.			Fake
Politics			CNN - Washington Intelligence has learned through very credible sources that the Russians have perfected ways to control President Trump through electronic devices. They are small battery packs that can be slipped into his suit pockets or even as small as a hearing aid or a watch battery that can be placed almost anywhere. They are using electronic signals that have subliminal messages that only the President can hear. Their agenda is clear and the CIA and FBI are monitoring this situation. We do know that Jarred Kushner and Ivanka are secret operatives and are helping to carry this through.			At a Trump rally the industry leaders Comcast to Verizon and to AT&T announced that they would ban together to permanently shut down the internet for Trump supports. Silicon Valley has declared that the wave of Trump supports should create their own internet and build a wall around that. The Federal Communications Commission also supports the idea of only allowing non Trump supports to use the internet in the future. The rules have been up for grabs and the leaders are making claims that make sense to most people and hav e a majority of support from the public. The bias in the country needs to be confronted and it is starting in Silicon Valley California.			Fake
Politics			Meet James Robart, the judge who approved Trump's immigration ban			President Trump's immigration ban got a major push today with its approval from federal judge James Robart.  Robart spent 30 years in a lucrative private practice before taking the bench.  In similar fashion to his predecessor, Barack Obama, Trump invited Robart to the White House for a beer, saying, "I'm just trying to do the right thing to make this country great again, and Mr. Robart just became a key part of that process with his actions today."  Robart was appointed in 2004 by President George W. Bush and confirmed unanimously by the U.S. Senate.			Fake
Politics			Rhona Graff, Trump's GateKeeper			Rhona GRaff, longtime Trump associate and friend has a direct line to the White House. Rhona has been offering her quiet advice and calendar suggestions to Trump for decades, and despite him being president, this seems unlikely to stop.  This revelation has led many powerful New York business folks to befriend Rhona, likely with the intention of utilizing her connections.  Ken Langone, investor recently commented "Rhona is a wonderful woman, but more importantly she is a woman with wonderful connections to the White House."			Fake
Politics			Judge tells Stein, 'Your money's no good here!' during bribe for a recount.			MADISON, Wis -- It looks as if Green Party candidate, and former stripper, Jill 'Franken' Stein knows no limits when it comes to recounting votes. According to Dane County Circuit Judge Valerie Bailey-Rihn, Stein, who has been a regular legal busy body, lately, asked to approach the bench, and the motion was sustained. She went up to the judge and whispered that she had 3.5 million dollars in a briefcase in her car, directly from Hilary Clinton, adding, if they can recount the votes, then the Judge could be recounting her money. The Judge was not amused and ordered the bailiff to arrest Ms. Stein and then ruled that there would be no recount. Stein was led out of the courtroom, crying and in cuffs. Judge Bailey-Rihn then proceeded to explain to the courtroom about Pizzagate, and how she believed Hilary Clinton was a possible pedophile and a Reptilian shape shifter (citing David Ickes work, and the many Youtube videos on the subject) and would never get a recount in her jurisdiction, as long as she sat on the bench. Ms. Clinton could not be reached for comment. Baily-Rihn told us that there was most likely fraud in the election, and count, but since both sides do it, it works out to be mostly fair, in the end. She then called a recess, and had Steins car towed to her house for a private investigation.			Fake
Politics			Neil deGrasse Tyson praises Trump on budget plan			Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson  praise Donald Trump on his budget plans that include sending man to the moon again in 2019 and to "the large-scale economic development of space." "The fastest way to make America great again:  Set a goal to return to the moon," he tweeted in praise of the President.  "the fastest way to make America great again, commit to a bold plan to the business of space development."			Fake
Politics			Biden: Trump was wiretapped, but not by US			Joe Biden said President Donald Trump was indeed, wiretapped but not by the US. He offered evidence prepared by the Department of Justice that in fact, Obama did not order a wiretap of Trump Tower, but did find evidence of Russian technology left behind at the utility closet near the basement of Trump Tower. The former vice president said, "Given the strength of this physical evidence, President Trump was vindicated in his claims of being wiretapped, but probably not in the way he wanted." Obama, via a spokesperson, denied that he wiretapped Trump Tower after the current president tweeted the accusation. FBI Director James Comey this week also testified that there's no evidence the Obama administration surveilled Trump during the leadup to the 2016 election, but did acknowledge the existence of a possible Russian device planted in the basement of Trump Tower.			Fake
Politics			Why the Green Party Candidate Jill Stein wants Trump more than Clinton in the White House			The presidential candidate for the Green Party, Jill Stein, says she is in love with Donald Trump. Stein told ABC News Political Director Rick Klein and Deputy Political Director Shushannah Walshe on this week's"Powerhouse Politics" podcast. "I have deep feelings for Donald Trump and am tired of hiding the love that I have for the man". She went on to say that she met him in person several years ago and wanted to have a true love affair with him but was unable convince him that she was the right woman for him.			Fake
Politics			Pres. Trump Declares That He Is Moving White House			Washington (CNN)Attorney General Jeff Sessions has declared that President Trump has decided to move the White House to a sanctuary city. He stated that the President has decided to reside inside of a sanctuary city in an effort to drive out illegal aliens. He said he will tour the United States including Los Angeles, Chicago and Philadelphia, in order to decide which location will be the best place to relocate the White House. Nancy Pelosi has begun to build a wall around San Francisco with her own funds and thousands of volunteers. The wall will be called, "Oh No" and is scheduled to be completed this week.			Fake
Politics			First on CNN: Border wall will cost much less than anticipated due to cheap labor			Washington (CNN) The Trump administration has asked for just $1 million of funding to cover the first 62 miles of border wall.  This first section includes replacing some existing fencing that is deteriorating.  Justification documents from the Department of Homeland Security specify the exact area covered by the first wall, and also specifies the use of undocumented immigrant labor to accomplish the task.  "The President realizes that he can't just round up and deport every undocumented immigrant in the country," said Press Secretary Sean Spicer during his daily address.  "So instead he is putting them to work - they get an income, and we get a wall.  It's a win-win for everybody," Spicer said.			Fake
Politics			In Second Debate, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Spar, Clinton faints under withering attacks			Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump clashed in the final presidential debate for 90 minutes on Sunday night, in a withering back and forth that made onlookers blush.  Mr. Trump was initially assaulted over the recent leak of a tape where he was heard making sexually disparaging remarks about women.  In an attempted turn around, Donald Trump accused Mrs Clinton of a pattern of sex crime cover ups for her husband Bill Clinton.  Trump placed three of Mr. Clinton's accusers in the audience to stare down Mrs. Clinton.  Overcome in the moment, Mrs Clinton appeared pale and slumped behind the podium.  Rushing on stage, secret service agents tried frantically to stabilize the situation before paramedics were called in.  Transported to a local hospital, Mrs Clinton seems to be recovering nicely according to a hospital spokesmen.			Fake
Politics			Homeland Security Goes On Strike			Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump posted on Twitter that all of the Homeland Security officers must go on strike immediately. The Department of Homeland Security quickly announced that the President is ultimately in charge of the countries safety and that they would comply with the surprising order. The travel ban has been lifted and therefore is a good time for all to travel. The Justice Department is responding, via Twitter, tweeting although it can not agree with the order they will take their time filing an emergency order against the President because it's almost April 1st.			Fake
Politics			In age of Obama, Trump is the new tabloid darling.			Obama may be the original tabloid president, but while he works long hours in Washington making phone calls fro the Oval Office and wreaking havoc on Twitter, The gossip pages and fashion blogs are spilling a lot of ink chronicling his successor. Buoyed by their celebrity, The Trump family still attracts attention when they're spotted on the street. Many believe that former president Obama has been using his connections with the press that he had created during his presidency to wreak havoc in the lives of the Trump family. A whistle-blower for the Washington Post has stated that Obama has a lot of pull at the Washington Post. " Obama gives the word and we fall in line, it's been that way since 2008." it is unknown how deep former president Obama's ties to the press go. Ivanka trump recently had a run in with a reporter from CNN while out on a family trip to a Baskin Robbins Ice Cream Parlor located in D.C. in which police were called to the scene. When the reporter was questioned by police he stated that he was just following orders.			Fake
Politics			Schumer: Trump total health care buffoon			Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY) had a scathing criticism for President Trump following the debacle regarding the GOP's failed repeal and replace of Obamacare.  "He doesn't get it," Senate Minority Leader Schumer remarked. "He just totally does not get it.  Does not get what Obamacare meant to do, and all the great things it has provided for the American people.  This guy is out of touch!" Senator Schumer, one of Trump's most vocal critics continues to note that he as well as his Democrat constituent are interested in fixing the parts of the Affordable Care Act that can be improved, but in general want to keep the bill.			Fake
Politics			Trump's travel ban still out of favor with court			A federal appellate court on Thursday refused to reinstate Trump's travel ban.  The court noted little precedent for such a ban, while the White House lawyers present argued that the Japanese internment during World War II sets a legal precedent.  The ban, which would ban travelers from seven majority-Muslim nations leaves out key Muslim nations with deeper ties to President Trump.			Fake
Politics			Melania Trump hires Angelina Jolie as her communications director			First lady Melania Trump has hired a well known actress and advocate for human rights as a member of her White House communications staff for her East Wing team.  Actress Angelia Jolie will serve as communications director for the first lady, the White House announced this Monday.  Jolie has been an international advocate of human right's and children's issues in addition to her well known roles as an actress.  "It gives us great pleasure to hire Angelina in this new role", remarked President Donald Trump.  "I know Angelina will do a good job communicating everything that comes out of the Office of the First Lady, who is doing a tremendous job by the way", remarked Trump.  Jolie is well known for her acting and humanitarian efforts, but recently has been in the news because of a split with her husband, Brad Pitt.			Fake
Politics			Trump's next legislative target:  tax reform			While he may have failed (at least for now) on his promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, President Donald Trump reassured the country that the fight wasn't over, a statement echoed by Vice President Mike Pence.  He went on to spell out his next goal - eliminating the federal income tax.  "Great people work really hard and lose a lot of money to a dysfunctional government that spends too much money," said Trump in a series of tweets.  "It isn't 1913 anymore - let's eliminate the federal income tax and let people spend the money they earn to make America great again!"			Fake
Politics			Moderator Chris Wallace sat , horrified at Wednesday night's debate between Clinton and Trump. Despite Clinton's bleeding heart , blow hard style, she was unable to solidify the yet undecided voter. Questions that were taken from the audience prior to the town hall style debate where peppered with several topics including healthcare, her inaction in regards to Benghazi, and leaked emails. Clinton became visibly frustrated when questioned as to whether or not she would dismantled NAFTA. But Donald was not without his own issues, when asked what kind of dog he would have in the White House if elected, he said he and the First Family would put it to a vote, but he didn't know if he would accept the results if the vote was rigged against him. He prefers pit bulls.			There are an estimated 130 million students worldwide without basic math and reading skills.  Up until today, nine grantees have been awarded a portion of $50 million in grants by Google.org, Google's philanthropic arm, to help combat this illiteracy.  Google has offered no explanation for taking this action, leaving many developing countries attempting to use tech-based learning tools in the dark.  Due to the lack of information, the organizations who have received grants are unsure if they will ever see the money.  Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment.			Fake
Politics			Hillary Clinton, the Debate Tormentor			Hillary Clinton, Democratic Vice Presidential nominee spent much of the last debate interrupting her republican opponent, businessman Donald Trump. Hillary mocked Trump and often tried to "translate" things he had said.  Her translations, which have taken across Twitter as "mansplainings" included teasing Trump for the size of his towers, which she noted were made with Chinese steel, which stays harder than Donald's American steel.  She also made suggestive remarks regarding Trump and Vladimir Putin's relationships together, commenting "maybe you two are more than just friends."			Fake
Politics			State Department relaxes travel restrictions for certain foreigners.			Washington (CNN) Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sent out a memorandum today to various worldwide embassies directing them to ease restrictions on foreigners' ability to travel.  Specifically, they have been asked to cease the screening of applicants' social media accounts and limit background checks to include known terrorists.  This action seems to be in direct violation of President Donald's Trump executive order restricting travel from most Muslim countries, which he signed on March 6.  The memorandum, marked "sensitive" but not classified, was leaked to the media by sources close to the State Department; more information will be posted as it becomes available.			Fake
Politics			Pence: Obamacare here until Congress is ready			VP Mike Pence noted that Congress "just can't get their act together" and was not ready to repeal Obamacare. Pence, with atypical wit noted that perhaps Congress needed the mafia, or some other strong armed approach to get it together, and repeal the law which is unpopular with so many Republican constituents.  Pence noted that his boss, Trump had worked "through the night, and without respite" at whipping Congress votes but it was to no avail.			Fake
Politics			Trump Calls Democrats Smarter Than His Party			The American Health Care Act was pulled from an anticipated vote after it was obvious to President Trump and his big brain that he actually prefers the Obamacare. Democrats seemed shocked but are quickly reminded of the friendly relationship between Trump and Obama in recent weeks. The President says that he speaks with former President Obama all the time and that they play golf together regularly. Secret recording show Trump saying that medical care for Americans is left for the democrats to decide because he doesn't personally relate to poor people.			Fake
Politics			Back Channel to Trump: Loyal Aide in Trump Tower Acts as Gatekeeper			In business, as a candidate and now as president, Mr. Trump has valued loyalty as the defining attribute in family, aides or Republicans in Congress. He does not always get it, as the defection of the Freedom Caucus last week on the health bill he was trying to pass made abundantly clear.			Legit
Politics			State Department tightens scrutiny for certain foreigners			Washington (CNN)Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sent four cables directing embassies worldwide to identify certain groups that should get extra scrutiny when they apply for visas, including screening of applicants' social media, according to US officials.			Legit
Politics			Woman arrested three times as she tries to see President Trump			(CNN)A woman arrested late Tuesday night after she allegedly attempted to gain entry to the White House has been arrested two more times nearby. Police said she has told them she was there to speak to President Donald Trump.			Legit
Politics			In Second Debate, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Spar in Bitter, Personal Terms			Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton collided in an almost unremittingly hostile debate on Sunday night, a 90-minute spectacle of character attacks, tawdry allegations, and Mr. Trump's startling accusation that Mrs. Clinton had "tremendous hate in her heart."			Legit
Politics			Hillary Clinton's Team to Join Wisconsin Recount Pushed by Jill Stein			WASHINGTON - Nearly three weeks after Election Day, Hillary Clinton's campaign said on Saturday that it would participate in a recount process in Wisconsin incited by a third-party candidate and would join any potential recounts in two other closely contested states, Pennsylvania and Michigan.			Legit
Politics			Federal judge sides with Trump administration in travel ban case			(CNN)A federal judge in Virginia ruled in favor of the Trump administration Friday, declining to join other federal courts that halted the President's revised travel ban last week.			Legit
Politics			Ivanka Trump Set to get West Wing Office as Role Expands  			Ivanka Trump, who moved to Washington saying she would play no formal role in her father's administration, is now officially setting up shop in the White House.			Legit
Politics			Schwarzenegger taunts Trump over approval rating			Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger continued his very public feud with President Donald Trump on Tuesday, releasing a video taunting the president over his falling approval ratings.			Legit
Politics			Appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump's travel ban			A federal appeals court Thursday refused to let President Trump reinstitute a temporary ban on travelers from seven majority-Muslim nations, ruling that it violates the due process rights of people affected without a sufficient national security justification.			Legit
Politics			First on CNN: Border wall ask: $1 billion for 62 miles			Washington (CNN)The Trump administration wants the first $1 billion of border wall funding to cover 62 miles -- including replacing some existing fencing along the southern border. 			Legit
Politics			US leads boycott of UN talks to ban nuclear weapons			United Nations, New York (CNN)US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley announced Monday that the United States and almost 40 other nations would not participate in the first-ever talks on an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons.			Legit
Politics			Schumer: Trump showed 'basic lack of competence' on health care bill			Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer criticized President Donald Trump after the GOP-backed health care bill failed to garner enough support for a vote on the House floor Friday, saying the president showed two unhelpful traits during negotiations.			Legit
Politics			Trump welcomes Merkel after bashing her on campaign trail			On Friday, Merkel presses ahead with the new, arriving in Washington for her first face-to-face encounter with Trump after months of preparation and one postponement due to snow. Analysts and White House officials alike say Friday's sit-down will be Trump's most important meeting with a foreign leader since the Republican businessman took office in January.			Legit
Politics			Texas Must Broaden Death-Penalty Exemption, High Court Says			A divided U.S. Supreme Court said Texas must broaden its death-penalty exemption for people who are intellectually disabled, ruling that the state was violating the Constitution by using outdated medical standards.			Legit
Politics			President Trump climbs into an 18-wheeler and pretends to be a trucker			That's the role the president briefly assumed Thursday when he climbed into the drivers seat of a Mack 18-wheeler parked on the South Lawn of the White House.			Legit
Politics			Poll: Trump's approval rating dips to new low of 37 percent			President Donald Trump's approval rating has dipped to a new low of 37 percent in the Quinnipiac University poll.			Legit
Politics			Clinton's emotional concession: This is 'painful and will be for a long time'			Hillary Clinton ended her historic presidential campaign Wednesday, saying it is "painful and will be for a long time," as she urged for a peaceful transfer of power.			Legit
Politics			White House attacks Clintons in pushback against Manafort allegations			White House press secretary Sean Spicer attacked former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in response to a report raising concerns about former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort's connections to Russia.			Legit
Politics			Need to reach Trump? Call Rhona.			When longtime friends and associates of President Donald Trump want to reach him, they don't go directly to the White House. Instead, they call the woman who's been the gatekeeper at Trump Tower for a quarter century: Rhona Graff.			Legit
Politics			In age of Trump, Obama is the new tabloid darling			Donald Trump might be the original tabloid president, but while he works long hours in Washington making phone calls from the Oval Office and wreaking havoc on Twitter, the gossip pages and fashion blogs are spilling a lot of ink chronicling his predecessor.			Legit
Politics			Why Green Party Presidential Candidate Jill Stein Doesn't Want Either Clinton or Trump in the White House			Jill Stein, the presidential candidate for the Green Party, says she would be unhappy with either mainstream party candidate -- Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump -- in the White House.			Legit
Politics			First lady Melania Trump touts equality at International Women's Day luncheon			Washington (CNN) First lady Melania Trump spoke about equality, freedom and the responsibility women have to help each other achieve success at an invitation-only luncheon honoring International Women's Day Wednesday at the White House.			Legit
Politics			U.S. Travel Industry Fears a 'Lost Decade' Under Trump			Like many Washington lobby groups, the U.S. Travel Association was quick to congratulate the new president on his victory last November.			Legit
Politics			Ellison: Democrats 'stand ready' to work with Republicans			Washington (CNN)Democratic lawmakers "stand ready" to work with their Republican counterparts following the failure of GOP efforts to repeal Obamacare, Rep. Keith Ellison said Monday.			Legit
Politics			Pence: Congress wasn't ready to repeal, replace Obamacare			Vice President Mike Pence said Congress "just wasn't ready" to repeal and replace Obamacare, joking that supporters of the House Republican health care plan could have used some WWE superstars.			Legit
Politics			Trump targets tech's H-1B visa hiring tool			SAN FRANCISCO - President Trump's relationship with Silicon Valley has always been volatile at best, but it seems things soon may get even more contentious.			Legit
Politics			Melania Trump hires communications director			(CNN)First lady Melania Trump is tapping a key member of the White House communications staff for her East Wing team -- deputy press secretary Stephanie Grisham will serve as the first lady's communications director, the White House announced Monday.			Legit
Politics			Judge rejects Stein's request for hand recount in Wis.			MADISON, Wis. - Green Party candidate Jill Stein paid $3.5 million Tuesday to clear the way for Wisconsin's presidential vote recount but had a judge reject her lawsuit to require all Wisconsin counties to do the recount by hand.			Legit
Politics			White House keeps up sanctuary cities pressure with funding threat			Washington (CNN)Attorney General Jeff Sessions outlined Monday how the Trump administration will use federal funds to crack down on "sanctuary cities" and states that choose not to comply with federal immigration laws, as it has threatened to do since January.			Legit
Politics			Hillary Clinton, Mocking and Taunting in Debate, Turns the Tormentor			She mansplained him. "Let me translate that if I can," Hillary Clinton said dryly after Donald J. Trump talked up his tax plan.			Legit
Politics			Biden: Trump should apologize for Obama wiretap claim			Joe Biden said President Donald Trump should apologize to former President Barack Obama for his accusation that the Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower.			Legit
Politics			Sources: FBI investigation continues into 'odd' computer link between Russian bank and Trump Organization			(CNN)Federal investigators and computer scientists continue to examine whether there was a computer server connection between the Trump Organization and a Russian bank, sources close to the investigation tell CNN.			Legit
Politics			Donald Trump Won't Say if He'll Accept Result of Election			In a remarkable statement that seemed to cast doubt on American democracy, Donald J. Trump said Wednesday that he might not accept the results of next month's election if he felt it was rigged against him - a stand that Hillary Clinton blasted as "horrifying" at their final and caustic debate on Wednesday.			Legit
Politics			Tax reform the next big ticket item on Trump's legislative agenda			The morning after President Donald Trump failed to deliver on his campaign promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, he reassured the country a new plan will be on the way.			Legit
Politics			Homeland Security suspends travel ban			Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump's government moved swiftly Saturday to comply with a federal judge's order halting his travel ban -- even as Trump himself denounced the judge -- but readied its legal defense of the controversial executive action.			Legit
Politics			Neil deGrasse Tyson goes supernova on Trump budget			(CNN)Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson believes President Donald Trump's first proposed budget could make America "weak," "sick" and "stupid."			Legit
Politics			Trump calls Democrats 'losers' after GOP health bill failure			President Donald Trump spoke out Friday afternoon after Republicans pulled the Obamacare overhaul he had endorsed, criticizing Democratic opposition to the bill and passing off the responsibility for its failure.			Legit
Politics			AQAP trying to hide explosives in laptop batteries, official says			Washington (CNN)Intelligence obtained in recent weeks found that an al Qaeda affiliate was perfecting techniques for hiding explosives in batteries and battery compartments of electronic devices, according to a US official.			Legit
Politics			Meet James Robart, the judge who halted Trump's immigration ban			The federal judge who blocked President Trump's immigration ban spent more than 30 years in private practice before taking the bench, giving up a lucrative career that saw him representing breweries, energy companies and Southeast Asian immigrants.			Legit
Politics			Friedman confirmed as U.S. ambassador to Israel			President Donald Trump's choice for ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday, overcoming strong opposition from Democrats.			Legit
