Politics			White Nationalist sympathizer Friedman confirmed as U.S. ambassador to Israel.			President Donald Trump's choice for ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday, overcoming strong opposition from Democrats. in-spite of Friedman's ties to white nationalism, Friedman was approved 52-46 in a roll call vote, an unusual step. U.S. ambassadors to Israel, a country that has long enjoyed strong bipartisan support in Congress, have traditionally been approved by voice vote or through unanimous consent. Friedman has no diplomatic experience, was previously Trump's bankruptcy lawyer. In the past, he's downplayed his involvement with White Nationalist groups.			Fake
Education			Donald Trump's Win To The Presidency Causes Freshman To Be Emotionally Unprepared for College			High school students spend years being taught that being fair and honest will always help you get ahead, but with the election of Donald J Trump to the presidency students are now questioning their educational foundations. According to a new national survey conducted by Harris Poll for the JED Foundation, Partnership for Drug-free Kids, and The Jordan Porco Foundation, found that 70 percent of freshmen said they had wished "Hillary Clinton had won the presidency".			Fake
Technology			After exposure to YouTube content, AT&T, Verizon to double ad campaign			After their ad campaigns received tremendous exposure with adult rated content featuring nudity and pornography on YouTube. AT&T and Verizon have pledged to double their ad campaigns with YouTube.  Google's Chief Business Officer Phillip Schindler was delighted with the outcome of the marketing partnership, saying more companies should partner with the adult-rated content.  "They never thought their ads could get this much viewership.  It is a literal gold mine for them," Schindler wrote in his blog.			Fake
Education			Nutrition has no effect on children's school performance, according to politicians			President Donald Trump's proposed budget was released yesterday, containing many cuts to sponsored programs in an effort to offset the cost of building the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico.  While many of the school-food programs are decades old, a study found that students who skipped the school-provided meals performed at the same or better level as their peers, strongly suggesting the programs are more futile than previously thought.			Fake
Entertainment			Katy Perry paid tribute to a fan that was killed by a train in route to her concert			Katy Perry paid tribute to a superfan that was hit by a train on her way to the concert.  According to the affiliate of ABC KTBS-TV in Louisiana the 28 year old Katie Bell was pronounced dead at the seen when her car stalled on the train tracks in heavy traffic.  The conductor of the train suffered a fatal heart attack.  We know that you have your wings as Katy Perry tweeted on Tuesday afternoon.  A candlelight vigil will be held at the location for KC's.  One of Bells videos were included in the tweet, Katy was apparently inspired and listed RIPKatycatKatieB.  All the fans call themselves KatyCats and Perry noticed.  Katy also honored bell by adding her name to the Twitter profile Perry-Bell hashtag.			Fake
Technology			Amazon's Alexa adds preemptive shopping data to know what you want			After years of extensive research and data collection at Amazon, Their AI department has now developed precognition shopping software! Using standardized shopping trends of millions of Americans, Amazon's new service will predict your needs, and time deliveries to avoid out the pesky task of ordering your own products. Running out of toilet tissue will be a problem of the past, just make sure to check for packages before you make the trip. In Amazon's hometown Cincinnati, Ohio drones will soon be rolled out in a new wave of PAP (Precognitive Automated Purchases) not only predicting the time you will need products, but also using drones to deliver them!			Fake
Entertainment			Planet Earth canceled after Bafta scandal			Despite its early success, the BBC One nature documentary Planet Earth II, expected to be nominated for several Craft Awards, has left the network after an undisclosed conflict with BBC. An unnamed source at BBC confirmed that Planet Earth's executive producer made racist remarks in a private meeting, resulting in the withdrawal of all nine of their nominations. Planet Earth's executive producer has declined to comment and has since deleted his Twitter account. Current front runners in the Craft Awards include Netflix's The Crown and BBC's The Night Manager.			Fake
Technology			Twitter removes anti-troll tools			In a bold statement by Ed Ho, Twitter's vice-president of engineering, "Twitter is no longer going to be censored because of a few bad apples!". Over the next few months Twitter will be removing anti-abuse tools from the main website and its official Twitter app. Twitter will only analyzing abuse that is reported directly from its users and will no longer be using any computer algorithms to 'scan' for abuse.			Fake
Entertainment			Jake Gyllenhaal reticent on topic of his relationship with Ryan Reynolds			Jake Gyllenhaal was interviewed last week by Michael Strahan about his new romantic comedy film, "Loaf", which co-stars his rival Ryan Reynolds. Ryan plays Dr. David Jordan, the romantic interest of Gyllenhaal's character in this tale of Mars and Venus. The character was inexperienced as a doctor and felt out of his element in this new relationship and in his new profession. Gyllenhaal described Ryan's character as a romantic who refused to be brought down to earth no matter how things are going in this country or in the world today. Each character believes he has his feet on the ground, but both are prone to flying off into outer space when things get tough and they must face life in a war-torn area that feels like living on Mars with a Venusian partner. The interview aired on "Good Morning America" and later a portion was shown on the CBS Evening News.			Fake
Education			President Trump Is Making It Rain for the Rain Forest			The environment's best friend has once again kept true to his word and is setting aside more than 12 billion dollars for the preservation of the Rain Forest. Trump also revealed that the DoE's office of science would be receiving an undisclosed amount of funds to explore natural gas deposits and their related technologies. In a tweet today, POTUS wrote "Gas is beautiful, I love gas. There are great things coming from all kinds of gas . We are going to explore natural gas and benefit bigly."Scientists around the world applaud president Trump for his effort to keep moving forward in the realms of Science and Technology.			Fake
Technology			Ban for right hand users			The U.S. government is temporarily banning passengers on flights that leave out for the next 2 weeks. The government will determine lefties from eighties by quickly throwing a ball at unsuspecting passengers. Because of the quick reflex at is required e person's dominant hand will be shown and revealed. The reason for this ban is not immediately clear ands officials would not comment. A second official stated that is would only be a temporary inconvenience and try hope all involved will be patient.			Fake
Technology			Toyota sues Microsoft for contract breach 			Automobile manufacturer Toyota had signed a contract with Microsoft in order to make it's cars more user friendly and tech friendly.  Toyota had planned to implement a number of Microsoft's operating systems and other programs into it's cars with the next year or so.  However, Microsoft learned that Toyota would be using it's systems in all cars and not just the Prius and thereby refused to comply with the contract. Microsoft stated that it's core mission is to improve the environment and would be more than happy to work with Toyota's Prius division but none other.  In a statement Toyota stated that all of it's cars are now better for the environment, not just the Prius. They will now look for another provider to work with.			Fake
Politics			Poll: Trump's approval rating soars			President Donald Trump's approval rating has soared to a new high of 83 percent in the Quinnipiac University poll. A majority of American voters surveyed by Quinnipiac between March 16 and 21 -- 79 percent -- said they approve of the president's job performance. Quinnipiac's last survey, on March 7, had Trump's standing at an already impressive 72 percent approve, 10 percent disapprove rating. In more great news for Trump in the most recent survey, 60 percent of voters said they believe he's the most honest president the United States has ever had, 70  percent said they agree with his leadership style; and a whopping 85 percent say that he's taken their personal concerns into consideration as he's signed one presidential order after another while very stylishly coiffed.			Fake
Sports			KENTUCKY's JOHN CALIPARI HOLDS BACK TEAM IN FAVOR OF DE'AARON FOX			Kentucky Wildcat Coach John Calipari put the rest of the team on notice: "Guys are you watching this game? Good. Then you know we're playing through De'Aaron Fox. The rest of you take a back seat."  Fox showboated his way through the game, leaving the rest of the team without much to do during their game with UCLA at the FedEx Forum. Calipari kept instructing the team to keep passing the ball to Fox, and fortunately Fox managed to lead the team to an 86-75 victory. Their next game is with North Carolina in the regional final, of which Calipari bragged, "I'm looking forward to the game. I'm jacked up!"			Fake
Technology			Phone device tests male fertility and is 100% accurate in predicting pregnancy 			A new smartphone attachment can predict with 100% accuracy a man's chance of impregnating a ovulating female if they engage in sexual intercourse.  The new device, which costs 14.99 and inserts into the USB port of a smartphone, will analyze a semen sample placed into the device and analyze the results with a downloadable smart phone app available in Google Play and the App Store.  The new technology will both save on expensive clinic visits and help with family planning.			Fake
Technology			California's Department of Motor Vehicles cracking down on automated cars.			After the recent increase in automated accidents the California DMV is adding in new charges and service fees to users of automated driver cars. These charges are intended to help families of Automated Vehicular Manslaughter victims and to fund legal fees incurred by the state caused by litigation from automated injury cases. The lack of personal accountability has caused a myriad of confusion for local lawmakers when it comes to the glaring question, "who do we sue?"			Fake
Entertainment			What to expect from Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds' public memorial:			"On Friday a select few will get a chance to say farewell to Carrie Fisher and her mother Debbie Reynolds who died ten days apart early in March. The memorial will be held at the Atheist National Temple at 7 a.m. ET. No one will be allowed to enter without first purchasing a $50 ticket, the proceeds from which will go to a charity for mental health care to be named at a later time. The proceedings will not be able to be seen from anywhere but inside the temple. Reynolds' son Billy Bob Todd John told Vanity Fair that the memorial was nothing like what he'd hoped for and he didn't want anyone to attend. "She hated her fans and hated spectacle. She would be ashamed of this display."			Fake
Entertainment			Alicia Vikander Quits Role as Lara Croft			The Swedish Oscar-winner Alicia Vikander walked off the set of Tomb Raider on Monday. She had signed on to take over for Angelina Jolie as the new Lara Croft. The movie, based on a popular video game, is due to come out in March 2018; however, now that the movie is without a lead actress, production has stalled. Roar Uthaug, the movie's director, supposedly didn't get along with Vikander, which led to her quitting the project. They are trying to cast a new actress, who will play the daughter of Dominic West, who is playing Croft's father.			Fake
Education			Torona Cancels U.S. Class Trips Due To Trump Calling Canadians Low Energy Cowards.			Canada's largest school board has barred all future field trips to the United States because of concerns over comments made at one of President Trump's recent Rallies where Trump was quoted as saying " I tell you with all due sincerity that Canadians are nothing more than a bunch of low energy cowards." A girls chorus in California just became the latest U.S. institution to ditch an overseas trip for the same reason. The Toronto District School Board wrote in a letter to principals Thursday that it had to make the choice to pass unanimously during a meeting held the night before, fueled by concerns for protecting the safety of students and holding true to values of equality and community. Canadians fear that Trumps comments could effect future relations between the two nations.			Fake
Politics			Trump's Gatekeeper "Holds the Door"			Trump, Republican businessman and now President has made many remarks about loyalty over the campaign, and has often broadsided Republicans who he deemed hisloyal.  Ms. Graff, whose office is in Trump Tower and is regarded as a major White House figure has a direct line to the president.  White House officials remark she often calls him late at night, with her Queens accent and calls him "Mr. T", a nickname he allegedly loves. Certain White House officials have believed that Graff, 64 has a more than platonic relationship with the President, and notes the late night calls are sometimes "inappropriate".  Ms. Graff declined to comment.			Fake
Education			Universities Agree with Trump on Immigration			Colleges and universities are working with President Donald Trump on implementing his immigration-limiting executive order, stating that their past insistence on implementing policies like affirmative action have hurt the quality of students being turned out of the institutions to the work force. "We believe this executive order is fundamentally sound in its construction, and puts the best interests of the graduates of Boston University and the perceived quality of a Boston University education ahead of other top-tier international universities," Boston University President Robert Brown said in a statement Sunday.			Fake
Business			Elon Musk, the brains behind Tesla, SpaceX, and PayPal has decided to go into early retirement and abandon all current projects. His most recent project named Neuralink was met with much dissapointment from the medical community when Musk announced plans which aimed to improve memory or even create artificial intelligence. Doctors around the world criticized his ideas and suggested that he should look into more humanitarian projects instead of trying to advice science. Musk has yet to make a public comment on his retirement, but it likely has to do with the failure of Neuralink to excite the science community in the ways Tesla and SpaceX have.			Colleges and universities are working with President Donald Trump on implementing his immigration-limiting executive order, stating that their past insistence on implementing policies like affirmative action have hurt the quality of students being turned out of the institutions to the work force. "We believe this executive order is fundamentally sound in its construction, and puts the best interests of the graduates of Boston University and the perceived quality of a Boston University education ahead of other top-tier international universities," Boston University President Robert Brown said in a statement Sunday.			Fake
Sports			Roger Federer has fist fight with Frances Tiafoe after Miami Open defeat			Things became extremely heated between world class tennis start Roger Federer and American teenager and tennis up and comer Frances Tiafore after their Miami Open tennis match. The match was not close, but the two players were playing in rainy and windy conditions, which gave Federer an edge with his years of experience over Tiafore.  After Federer beat the younger tennis professional in three sets, the two players began to yell at each other. Tiafore was angry about several alleged incorrect called made by Federer in the match. Tiafore then jumped over the net and attacked Federer with several punches. Federer defended himself until several observers came and broke up the fight. The two have both issued public apologies to their fans and to each other, but clearly things will not be settled until they face each other on the court another time.			Fake
Politics			Ellison: Democrats "gloating" over Republican misfortunes			Washington (CNN) Democratic lawmakers say they are "gloating" over their Republican counterparts' failure to repeal Obamacare, Rep. Keith Ellison said Monday. Speaking on CNN's "New Day" with Chris Cuomo, the Minnesota Democrat and deputy chairman of the Democratic National Committee said he and his party find it hilarious that Republicans still expect them to cooperate on issues like drug prices, infrastructure and tax reform. "If the Republicans are finally forced to acknowledge that they are bamboozling the American people and that their leader is a psychopathic clown who makes cooperation of any kind impossible, I think that's a good thing," Ellison said.			Fake
Business			Amazon CEO Is Headed to the Moon			Jeff Bezos confirmed on Friday that he is going to be on the first Amazon sponsored mission to the moon.  Can you believe it!  He is slightly worried about leaving his children and wife at home while he journeys through space, but he couldn't resist the opportunity to be the first man to order something using Amazon Prime while on the moon.			Fake
Politics			Presided Trump pretends to be a worker bee			President Trump agreed to participate in the undercover boss discovery mission. Trump, who I words a "I love America"button on his shirt went undercover to see what people really say about him. He tried his best to emulate a regular working class person. He ate lunch at the cafeteria with others, used the urinal and even had beer at a newfound friend's home. After shortly being discovered Trump met with the whole company and provided free, outside lumnch for the month exclaiming he couldn't believe they ate that type of food			Fake
Education			6YO Brings Gun to School			In Rancho Cucamonga, CA a 6 year old brought a gun into a school outside of LA. Authorities are desperately searching for where the student found the gun, and more specifically if someone provided it. Parents are furious and threatened to pull their kids from the school following the Sun newspaper reporting this news weeks after the incident, and with no official news from the school being released.			Fake
Politics			FBI investigates computer link between Trump and Clinton			(CNN)Federal investigators and computer scientists are still trying to figure out why Donald Trump was secretly emailing Bill Clinton. The FBI had named the secret mission RUSSIA, which stood for "R. U. Sure Secret Isn't Affection." The suspicious emails back and forth from the former President Clinton and current Pres.Trump are still being investigated and analyzed. Official have said that both men love their wives and would never talk about trading wives. The statement just raised a frenzy of questions. The odd exchange is under scrutiny and has the FBI working overtime.			Fake
Entertainment			Alec Baldwin Quits Playing President Trump after Secret Meeting			Alec Baldwin has decided to  up his role playing on Saturday Night Live after a secret meeting with President Trump. During the meeting, Baldwin and Trump put aside their political differences and became quite friendly. Baldwin stated "I am truly sorry for portraying Trump in a bad light but at the time I was totally against what he stood for, but now, after the meeting, we cleared the air and became quite good friends. I truly understand where he is going and will now play him as the "Good" president. He stated "I think to myself, why did I portray him that way when all along I secretly believed in him?" Although he has parlayed it into a satirical book, He will let the truth be known next month in his Vanity Fair article.			Fake
Politics			Women arrested  three times is Melania Trump 			(CNN) A lady resembling Presidents Trump's wife was arrested on multiple occasions when she was discovered without her makeup on. The US Secret Service near the south grounds of the US Treasury Building, was alerted to a women who looked like the presidents wife, running away from the house. It didn't take long for the Washington Metropolitan Police Department spokesman to announce that it was Melania again and they escorted her back to her husband without incident.			Fake
Sports			Doping Levels Surprisingly Low, Finds Sports Minister			Sports Minister Tracey Crouch, in light of the poll recently conducted by the BBS, has said that she viewed doping in sports as "no concern". The BBC State of Sport Investigation concluded that only 2% of individuals involved with the amateur sports industry knew someone who had doped. Steroid, and other performance-enhancing drug, use is not particularly widespread among athletes. Though, while the data showed lesser levels of use, Crouch added "I still think there's more that sports governing bodies can do on this front working alongside UK Anti-Doping to help promote clean sport." Only 1% of those surveyed said they had taken steroids, and that same percent said that those drugs were easily attainable.			Fake
Entertainment			Michelle Pfeiffer says she's 'looking towards rest and relaxation' now that her children are grown			"Michelle Pfeiffer" is now enjoying lots of free time nowadays. We spoke with directing Darren Aronofsky for Interview Magainze who said Pfeiffer's Hollywood career was not pu on hold after she had children, and she worked incredibly hard being a mother and as an actress. But now that they've grown up, she's decided that she needs a long vacation. "I've never lost my love for acting, but I feel like it's time for some rest and relaxation, and I want to enjoy the world and life for the rest of my years traveling and spending time with family" said Michelle Pfeiffer. Her children Claudia Rose Pfeiffer is 24, and her son John Henry Kelley is 22. This year, Michelle Pfeiffer won't star in any television shows or films. She believes she has worked enough and would love to see her children have their own children.			Fake
Politics			The U.S. Supreme court has done the unthinkable! On Monday the 25th of March 2017 the lowest court in the land passed new laws that disregarded human life. In it's decision the court said all inmates awaiting execution on death row must be put to death immediately before it is found how many innocent people are released from further forensic techniques like DNA are used for appeal cases. Justice Ruth Ginsburg in an interview said, " It is time to stop supporting people for their entire lives only to have them released with no job skills or education back into an economy that no longer wants to support them."			"Michelle Pfeiffer" is now enjoying lots of free time nowadays. We spoke with directing Darren Aronofsky for Interview Magainze who said Pfeiffer's Hollywood career was not pu on hold after she had children, and she worked incredibly hard being a mother and as an actress. But now that they've grown up, she's decided that she needs a long vacation. "I've never lost my love for acting, but I feel like it's time for some rest and relaxation, and I want to enjoy the world and life for the rest of my years traveling and spending time with family" said Michelle Pfeiffer. Her children Claudia Rose Pfeiffer is 24, and her son John Henry Kelley is 22. This year, Michelle Pfeiffer won't star in any television shows or films. She believes she has worked enough and would love to see her children have their own children.			Fake
Education			Trump's Uses His Big Brain			The Senate, with bipartisan approval, approved Betsy DeVos for secretary of education. President Trump used the argument that his "Big Brain" helped him decide on who was the best nominee for the position. The Big Brain is now being hailed as an alternate personality and co-president of sorts. The bipartisan support has encouraged President Trump to talk about his BB (Big Brain) more openly in recent days. Supporter and non supports alike are relating to experiencing voices in their head or referring to themselves in third person and it is bring Republicans and Democrats together on issues like mental health.			Fake
Business			THE BIG DATA CONSPIRACY			Government and Silicon Valley are looking to enslave us. Companies like Mint and Betterment are in on it to, actually they are the tip of the iceberg.			Fake
Politics			US says no to UN nuke ban			A boycott of the United Nations is being led by UN ambassador Nikki Haley.  The US and almost 40 other nations refuse to participate in discussions on an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons.  Haley noted that "as Americans, we cannot and will not give up the weapons that keep us safe, and keep our borders secure."  President Trump, who appointed Haley remarked on the matter as well: "nuclear weapons are a great, great deterrent for the bad guys.  No way we'll not have them.  No way!"			Fake
Education			Leftist universities seek to put women in positions of power over men who are more qualified.			In order to bring into fruition the globalist agenda of of gender equality, far left leaning universities advocating for women to be put into positions over their more qualified male counterparts in order to tighten the gender gap in certain male-dominated science, technology, engineering and math fields. The George Soros funded study, "Why Are Some STEM Fields More Gender Balanced Than Others?" draws on previous works on STEM gender gaps for male dominated fields.			Fake
Business			BrewDog under fire for accusations of canine involvement in their brewing process			"BrewDog was recently found to include dog saliva in their brewing process. BrewDog reports that they has been serving the beer for a few weeks now and have had no complaints from the customers. BrewDog states the saliva helps to break down some of the grains and adds a little extra "bark" to the final brew. Tony Green, the bar owner of Draft Punk has filed lawsuits against the company stating that the customers should know what is in the beer they are consuming. Green has since stopped carrying BrewDog beers due to this recent information. BrewDog has declined to comment on the lawsuit."			Fake
Sports			Chelsea Reverse Decision to Seek Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez as Summer Transfer			"Chelsea had considered making Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez one of their summer transfer targets, but have changed course and now reversed that decision. While Antonio Conte had spoken of considering bringing the player to Stamford Bridge, the talks have now broken down and Chelsea seems to be reversing their decision. Conte has sent the recruitment team, led by director Marina Granovskaia and technical director Michael Emenalo, a list of names and it seems that Sanchez was not included."			Fake
Sports			Dallas tight end Jason Witten has decided to leave Dallas and travel to the windy city to play with the Chicago Bears. Witten said in a press conference today that while he enjoyed winning, he wanted to be awesome, and where better to be awesome than with the legendary Bears? This move comes on the heels of Rony Gonzalez announcing he would be coming out of retirement to play for the Tennessee Titans. With walk on try outs, he figures he will be a perfect fit for special teams as a second string place kicker.			"Chelsea had considered making Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez one of their summer transfer targets, but have changed course and now reversed that decision. While Antonio Conte had spoken of considering bringing the player to Stamford Bridge, the talks have now broken down and Chelsea seems to be reversing their decision. Conte has sent the recruitment team, led by director Marina Granovskaia and technical director Michael Emenalo, a list of names and it seems that Sanchez was not included."			Fake
Education			School Starts Too Late In The Morning, State Lawmaker Says			If Senator Anthony Portantino gets his way, California will be the first state in the nation to ensure that children can go to school sacrificing a good night's sleep. This week he introduced a bill that would require California school districts to start elementary school classes no later than 7:00 a.m. "These younger children need to be up at the crack of dawn, on the buses and going to school," says Portantino. "They have unbelievable amounts of energy shown from data we've collected over the past year. Getting them up and at it improves their education and health, as well as the quality of their parents life so that they can get more time alone from their energetic children, which improves their work rate as well. Its a win for everyone"			Fake
Entertainment			"Walking Dead" star Lauren Cohan says cast holds "Death Dinners"			Lauren Cohen, star of AMC's "Walking Dead" says that her cast members have a unique way of bonding. "We like to have fake funerals for our fellow cast members. We pretend they aren't in the room and say share memories, jokes and reminesce about the person. IYou could say we have a sick sense of humor."			Fake
Education			Educators Prepare for next Immigration Daze at the Schoolhouse			Last January, Carmen Fanina, NYC's schools chancellor, decided enough was enough, regarding illegal (and, maybe even some legal) immigration. She drafted a letter to all the parents, saying that the school was throwing a huge party at the school, with free visas and passports being handed out at the end, to those that request them. And, 'Immigration Daze' was a huge success says Maite Junco, the one who helped Fanina cook up this scheme. "Their kids brought 'em, and we got 'em! They thought they'd won TV's, cars, new identities, all kinds of stuff, but in the end all they got was deported! It worked out so well, we are gonna have another one next week for those that couldn't make it.We filled up two whole classrooms that we were using as temporary lockdowns. Incredible! We are pioneers!" Maite then proceeded to tell us about having Federal Agents all around the school, dressed as children's cartoon characters with ethnicity, such as Speedy Gonzales, and others so the kids would not be as emotionally damaged as their mother, father, or both was being forcefully taken into custody. Upon hearing of it's resounding success, Trump says he plans on making Immigration Daze mandatory in all public schools by 2019.			Fake
Business			Uber to open new headquarters in Denmark despite new laws			Despite the introduction of new taxi laws in Denmark the Uber has said this is not a setback for the US ride-booking service in Eurpoe. A company spokesman Kristian Agerbo said on Tuesday Uber "must take the consequences" of the rules, which among other things will require cabs to be fitted with seat occupancy sensors and fare meters, and pass it on to the drivers. Uber ordered a new fleet of self-driving cars following Arizona crash to be created and tested to comply with these new laws. Uber has not faced problems in cities like Madrid Frankfurt Paris and London has long been lauded as the transportations service of the digital age. They plan to mass produce these new sensors and meters and offer them to their drivers on a rental basis to add to their profit lines. Depending on success they may be made available to other driving companies as well.			Fake
Technology			Yahoo Denies Data Breach from 500M Accounts			While many news outlets are reporting the state-sponsored theft of 500 million user accounts from the Yahoo network, Yahoo has denied the breach has taken place. "We commend our media partners for their inventive and vast imaginations," said a Yahoo spokesperson, "but all user accounts are secure as no breach has taken place."  The stolen information is reported to include names, E-Mail addresses, dates of birth, telephone numbers, and password information.  Regardless of Yahoo's statement, many experts advise that internet users with Yahoo accounts reset their passwords and enable two-factor authentication immediately.			Fake
Technology			Congress Plans to take away you privacy.			Republicans have always thought people have had to much privacy. Privacy is the only thing stopping them from taking over the country. Verizon, comcast and AT&T now own congress and are secret partners. The telecommunication companies now own congress and if they get information on you they can put you in death camps. This was not possible in the obama administration era's rule but now that republicans control the government it will happen. This action is improved by Donald trump.			Fake
Business			Britain retailers cannot seem to catch a break. Sales continue to plummet after the announcement of leaving the EU. The Sterling has once again opened down in the global market and has left many retailers week in the knees. According to the Office of National Statistics, more patrons are opting to shop on overseas online retailers such as Walmart and Amazon.com. Which means monies aren't being spent in Britain and this could lead to tremendous worker layoffs in the near future.			Republicans have always thought people have had to much privacy. Privacy is the only thing stopping them from taking over the country. Verizon, comcast and AT&T now own congress and are secret partners. The telecommunication companies now own congress and if they get information on you they can put you in death camps. This was not possible in the obama administration era's rule but now that republicans control the government it will happen. This action is improved by Donald trump.			Fake
Technology			Google steals user location information with a tricky mapping app secret			Alphabet Inc's Google announced on Wednesday that it will revamp its popular maps app to allow users to share their locations, but neglected to share much more important information that industry insiders assumed they were planning to disclose. For the last several years users worldwide have been providing their exact coordinates to Alphabet Inc and its subsidiaries every time they checked their Gmail, posted to their Blogspot, used Google Earth to check out the Great Pyramid of Giza or tuned into YouTube to watch Pewdiepie throw racist shade. Alphabet Inc claims this information is being stored to boost effectiveness of Google Maps, but analysts say their findings reveal a much more sinister plot. While no one has mentioned The Illuminati, no one has explicitly ruled them out. When asked if they care either way, most users said, "huh? I need to post this picture of my corndog to the Gram, are we done?"			Fake
Politics			Ivanka Trump, the Real Vice President?			President Trump's daughter, Ivanka, has moved to Washington following her father's inauguration.  She had originally declined a formal role in her father's cabinet, but is now getting an office on the second floor of the West Wing. Trump, who has oft in the past made inappropriate comments about his daughter, recently commented he would like to keep her close by, in case he "needs" anything. Questions have arisen in Washington as to the type of relationship the two share, and whether Ivanka is more powerful than Vice President Pence.			Fake
Education			School Choice Proven to Make a Big Difference in Students Lives			School choice advocates have been finally proven correct.  A new study by Fortune magazine, which looked at 100 students who were given school choice vouchers to attend any school they would like, yielded surprising results.  Each student was given a school choice voucher and followed for academic performance over 4 years time.  The results?  Each students grade point average was 0.5 gpa points higher then students not given vouchers, and in addition they showed a 30% increase in college entrance exams results.  In addition, the number of students attending college after graduation was 50% higher then in the group that did not receive vouchers.  Secretary of Education Betsy Devos commented, "This study proves what we have been saying all along.  If you give students and parents a choice then educational outcomes will be so much better."			Fake
Technology			Lab-grown meatless burger part of a larger global agenda.			Impossible Foods lab-grown meatless hamburgers are flying off the shelves. Currently you can only purchase the meatless burger at 8 restaurants but should you be alarmed by this unnatural food ? Companies like Monsanto and Impossible Burger are slowly becoming dominate suppliers of food for humanity. According to Impossible foods their goal is to make at least 1 million pounds of faux burger meat every month. "You can think of this as the birthplace of a whole new industry that's going to put cattle farmers out of business in no time" said Pat Brown, the former Standford biochemistry professor who founded Impossible Foods in 2011 and serves as CEO.			Fake
Sports			Tom Brady's Jersey Bought at Yardsale in Tennessee			The famed shirt was purchased at a yard sale in Tennessee last week. The lucky fan was at the sale digging thru a box of old clothes marked twenty-five cents each. Gratefully, the sale was being conducted at the home of an Atlanta fan who told the purchaser to take it before they used it for a rag to wash their truck . The jersey now is in the possession of a five year old fan that refuses to take it off.			Fake
Business			Brexit talks are seeing success: José Manuel Barroso			"The negotiations we are going great according to European commissioner Jose Manual Barroso.  Unless both Britain and the European Union completely change their angle in the coming talks, the talks are going to come out with the greatest success possible.  Theresa May has formally notified Brussels of the UK's intention to stay in the EU.  Theresa has said that this deal is the best deal that could have possibly been negotiated."			Fake
Sports			Stan Wawrinka proves victorious of Roger Federer			Stan Wawrinka wows the crowd and beats five-time British Open champion Roger Federer. After nursing a torn ACL and concurrent last-place finishes in all matches this year, Wawrinka makes a comeback in the British Open. Wawrinka's history making comeback makes him only the second male player since 1942 to win the Open after a losing season. "I just want to thank my family and friends," said Wawrinka. "A month ago, I couldn't even walk. They had to do everything for me - even help me to the john!" he added. Meanwhile, Svetlana Kuznetsova beats Elena Vesnina, in spite of her own set of injuries last fall.			Fake
Politics			Clinton encourages followers to embrace a Trump presidency			Hillary Clinton conceded her loss graciously on Wednesday by applauding Donald Trump for his victory and encouraging the American public to embrace his leadership wholeheartedly. Clinton told an attentive crowd, "Donald Trump is going to be our president. I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans." This acceptance of her opponents victory was met by the roar of applause. Clinton continued, "I still believe in America and always will. And if you do, then we must accept this" outcome. This statement by Clinton brings an end to her often-tumultuous election campaign and shows that, true to his words, Trump is already proving to be a unifying force in American politics.			Fake
Politics			Melania Trump: Women First, Only			In Washington, first lady Melania Trump, third wife to Donald Trump, US President, spoke about equality and freedom for women at the International Women's Day luncheon at the White House.  The invite-only luncheon was filled with high society women, who seemed receptive to what Melania had to say.  Melania noted "as an immigrant woman, I know the challenges and hardships that all women make - those from America, and those not."  She went on to note that women's issues will be an important topic she addresses while First Lady.			Fake
Entertainment			He is  not very familiar with winning awards for his music production or singer-songwriter skills, but what people do know about Pharrell Williams early life is basically nothing. He had no hopes and dreams and music just fell into his lap. He will be producing a movie remake but will likely have someone else finish it for him.			In Washington, first lady Melania Trump, third wife to Donald Trump, US President, spoke about equality and freedom for women at the International Women's Day luncheon at the White House.  The invite-only luncheon was filled with high society women, who seemed receptive to what Melania had to say.  Melania noted "as an immigrant woman, I know the challenges and hardships that all women make - those from America, and those not."  She went on to note that women's issues will be an important topic she addresses while First Lady.			Fake
Entertainment			Exhibition of History of Modern Urban Graffiti Displaying Graffit Artist Errol Donald			A new exhibition showing modern urban graffiti from a former graffiti artist Errol Donald whose work is exhibited with copies of graffiti from 30 years ago.  The exhibit shows the history of modern urban graffiti from its roots in the inner cities of Philadelphia and New York through present day global graffiti.  Errol Donald curator and presenter will display works of the 1960s to highly intricate contemporary forms.			Fake
Sports			John Wall sustains injury into Wizards' trip to Cleveland			"The Northeast Ohio sun remained hidden while the Washington Wizards were in town and the temperature required heavy outerwear. But John Wall still felt fine. He said his weary bones felt fresh.  However, this wasn't for long. The migraine headache from earlier in the week gone, but in the fourth quarter, point guard Wall sustained a season-ending injury to his achilles. These bad vibes led to a loss to the Cavaliers - the score being 127-115, a loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers. After the injury, Wall explained how he wish he never jumped for the ball and that this may be a long road to recovery."			Fake
Business			EU Applauds Deutsche Boerse's $14 Billion Takeover of London Stock Exchange			"European Union regulators applauded Deutsche Boerse AG's planned takeover of London Stock Exchange Group Plc a symbolic acceptance on EU-U.K. integration on the same day Britain formally serves notice of its decision to quit the EU. The $14 billion deal to create Europe's biggest exchange will foster competition in the soon-to-be 27-nation EU by negating a de facto monopoly for clearing bonds and repurchase agreements the European Commission said in an emailed statement Wednesday. The decision flagged last month by LSE thwarts Deutsche Boerse's expansion just five years after the EU also accepted a proposed tie-up with NYSE Euronext. "The commission allows these deals, Margrethe Vestager, the EU's antitrust commissioner, told reporters in Brussels. LSE was not prepared" to sell a small unit that would have removed concerns that the combined firm could have weakened rival Euronext NV. EU regulators have become increasingly accepting on big deals demanding weighty concessions to eliminate overlapping businesses amid concerns that a combined firm could dominate an industry and increase prices. While this is the second time that Vestager has formally accepted a merger several transactions have been ditched over antitrust opposition."			Fake
Politics			Hillary Clinton Heads Wisconsin Recount Formerly Pushed By Jill Stein.			Washington - Nearly two weeks after Election Day, Hillary Clinton's campaign said on Saturday that it would be participating in a recount process in which Hillary Clinton will be overseer in Wisconsin which was originally incited by the third-party candidate Jill Stein and would join any potential recounts in two other closely contested states. Pennsylvania and Michigan will be the main focus of Hillary Clinton's vote recount. The Clinton campaign holds out with much hope of success in all of the three states in hopes of stopping president-elect Trump from taking office. Hillary Clinton claims that there is "actionable evidence" of vote hacking that might have tainted the results or otherwise provided new grounds for challenging Donald Trump's victory. Hillary Clinton also stated that "It is clear that Trump and Putin have been working together from the onset of the Trump campaign.			Fake
Entertainment			Scarlett Johansson refuses to give away spoilers about 'Ghost in the Shell'			"Actress Scarlett Johansson stated she won't share any secrets from her new film "Ghost in the Shell , in an interview with Good Morning America" anchor Michael Strahan that aired today. Johansson said that when "Ghost in the Shell" was first brought to her attention it "seemed full of great secrets that she really can never reveal." "But I thought gosh it's really hard to turn down the opportunity to be front and center and share what the fans are looking for the actress said. And also you know to be able to have the studio back something like this Johansson added, as an actor ... as a woman it's rare. I hope you all can watch the movie and discover all the Easter Eggs in there."			Fake
Sports			NOVAK DJOKOVIC FEIGNS INJURY TO BOW OUT OF MIAMI OPEN			World number two Novak Djokovic joined tennis great Andy Murray in withdrawing from the Miami Open. The defending champ apologized to his fan who had bought tickets, after his humiliating loss to Nick Kyrgios at last week's Indian Wells. "My doctor has strongly advied against play because my elbow injury ....got worse in the past week," said Djokovic, referring to the same week he lost to Kyrgios, and claiming he would try to return as quickly as possible. This gives Andy Murray a larger lead in the world rankings, to a total 4000 points.			Fake
Business			BRITON STOCK MARKET TAKES PLUNGE			As banks leave London, many are moving to Frankfurt. Many are citing lower costs. Goldman Sachs is among those leaving. Investors are concerned that this mass migration away from London will cause the stock market to collapse. In addition it is expected that the British currency will be severely  devaluation and higher prime interest rates. The unemployment rate in London is expected to reach an all time high with no end in sight. The European union is asking that Britain reconsiders it's decision to leave the union.			Fake
Politics			H-1B - You're Fired!			Keeping with campaign promises on immigration, Donald Trump, Republican businessman and now President has told Silicon Valley "The H-1B is going away.  It just is.  It's not good for America, it's not good for Americans.  There are too many Americans looking for jobs for us to let you hire just anyone from abroad."  Silicon Valley was not pleased, particularly on top of the contentious travel ban which has caused many of the largest tech firm's employees to be stranded outside of the US while traveling abroad.  Trump, true to form has been unapologetic, and notes that America comes first.			Fake
Education			Male teachers preparing to cover down on 'Day Without Women'			After last year's 'Day Without Men' fiasco and the trouble it caused in the coal mining, sanitation, and law enforcement sectors, North Carolina and Virginia educators have hatched a plan to avoid the same problem happening in the field of education this year. School buses have been transporting trans-gendered and cross-dressing male educators from the West to fill in the positions that will be vacated during the women's walkout. "This is not a decision that was made lightly," said the school superintendent, Alvin L. Crawley. "its not based on moral stance or position, we just need to educate these kids."			Fake
Entertainment			Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince Pals to Make New Show			Will Smith is back together with the cast of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, but this time it is to make a new prime-time show based on the classic 90's sitcom. Taping is set to begin in late summer. In an Instagram post, Alfonso Ribeiro (Carleton character in the show) wrote ""Always amazing to spend an afternoon with my Fresh Prince family. "Wishing that James Avery was still with us to make this complete." Avery, who played the character of Uncle Phil, died in 2013. "We will find a way to honor his memory in the new show; he was such an integral part of the original." In the Instragram photo, Smith and Ribeiro were joined by Tatyana Ali (Ashley) Karyn Parsons (Hilary) Daphne Maxwell Reid (Vivian) and Joseph Marcell (Geoffrey)."			Fake
Sports			Ferrari shockingly pulls off a win			The Australian Grand Prix has a new winner, and it's name is Sebastian Vettel.  Vettel, a member of Ferrari, Formula One's most controversial team, said that what helped him the most was his recent conversion to Buddhism.  "It allowed me to focus, knowing that I could just take my hands off the wheel and have Buddha guide my actions."  Ferrari suggested that team members seek alternative spiritual guidance in a desperate attempt to win in Melbourne since 2007.			Fake
Entertainment			In midst of speculation, Huck is confirmed dead on 'Scandal'			"Bury him, fans, he died. The actor who plays Huck on "Scandal" has some words of confirmation for fans who speculated Huck was still alive after last week's cliffhanger episode in which his character was shot multiple times. Guillermo Diaz is cautioning folks to remember "Scandal" is often full of surprises, but this is not one of them. The actor told entmt Tonight that the script in which Meg shot Huck "just blew me away -- no pun intended." "My reaction was I was in complete and utter disbelief but excited too he said. It's such a great script it's so juicy! As an actor I was just thrilled to see my character off in such grandiose fashion." Diaz said the show's creator Shonda Rhimes can be credited with the writing of this death scene."			Fake
Sports			Lawrence Okolie: Olympian suffers humiliating loss in professional debut			Rio 2016 Olympian Lawrence Okolie lost by KO in 20 seconds, losing his first professional fight. Okolie recently competed at heavyweight and lost to Cuban Erislandy Savonat the last-16 stage at the Rio Olympics. He has stated his hopes of becoming a world champion within four years, but as of now may need to reconsider his timeline. Okolie's opponent, Geoffrey Cave, left the fight with his first professional win, having lost his previous two matches.			Fake
Politics			Schwarzenegger swings at Trump solar plexus			Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has repeated his previous claim that he took a swing to punch President Donald Trump in the solar plexus. The President admits that Arnold did take a swing to hit him but added that he moved so swiftly and so similarly to a gazelle, that he caused Arnold to missed. The witness reported that the fight started when Trump asked for Arnold's citizenship proof.			Fake
Education			Harvard Law, Moving to Limit Applicant Pool, Will Not Accept Scholastic Aptitude Test			Harvard Law School, moving to close its doors to a smaller, less diverse pool of applicants, said on Monday that it would not accept the scholastic aptitude test, known as the SAT, for the admission of students entering its fall 2020 class. The law school, whose alumni include Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg, is the least accredited law school in the United States in the past two years. It will be the first university to not accept the SAT, with other universities considering making the change in the future.			Fake
Education			Ex-US Attorney and former Bill Clinton mistress Barbara McQuade will teach law at Michigan			Former mistress of president Bill Clinton and U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade will teach at University of Michigan law school. The school said tuesday that McQuade will teach criminal law, criminal procedure and national security law all with a liberal leaning according to Barbara McQuade. She has an undergraduate and law degree from Michigan. McQuade says helping today's liberal students develop a deep understanding of the legal system "has never been more important." She was chief federal prosecutor in eastern Michigan for seven years, after 12 years as an assistant U.S. attorney. The Trump administration last week told U.S. attorneys appointed by President Barack Obama to step down.			Fake
Sports			Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium is normally swarming with patrons, but today workers came in to find one end of the facility swarmed with lady bugs. Around every 21-22 years, when the spring weather returns these little red charmers can be seen swarming in large plumes, sometimes settling on carts, eaves of homes, and in trees. Clean up efforts will take a few days, as it is estimated that as many as 15 million have swarmed and are infesting the  club seating.			Former mistress of president Bill Clinton and U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade will teach at University of Michigan law school. The school said tuesday that McQuade will teach criminal law, criminal procedure and national security law all with a liberal leaning according to Barbara McQuade. She has an undergraduate and law degree from Michigan. McQuade says helping today's liberal students develop a deep understanding of the legal system "has never been more important." She was chief federal prosecutor in eastern Michigan for seven years, after 12 years as an assistant U.S. attorney. The Trump administration last week told U.S. attorneys appointed by President Barack Obama to step down.			Fake
Technology			Oldest Vespa in the world Involved in Car Crash			You may remember the classic Vespa car like the one Audrey Hepburn drove around Rome in.  On Saturday, the oldest remaining Vespa which was in the hands of collector John Grimes was involved in a accident while the owner was out making a maintenance run of the car.  Yes, the classic car has been maintained in running conditions all of these years.  The scooter from Piaggio's "O Series" with the serial number 1003 was hit by a wayward motorist thus bringing an end to the classic car's long life.			Fake
Business			Alex Jones Vindicated in "Pizzagate" Controversy			"Alex Jones, purveyor of the independent investigative news website Infowars and host of The Alex Jones Show, has been vindicated in his claims regarding the so-called "Pizzagate" controversy. Jones and others uncovered evidence last year that top Democratic Party officials were involved in a bizarre, satanic child sex cult and pornography ring using the Washington D.C. pizza parlor Comet Ping Pong Pizza as a front. The allegations rocked the Democratic Party and may have caused serious damage to the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. Top U.S. federal investigators have now confirmed that they have verified many of these claims after executing raids on the offices of several of the key players. Charges are expected to be filed in the coming days. The news comes as a welcome vindication for Jones, who has been accused by many mainstream media outlets of being a conspiracy theorist and of publishing "fake news". Mr. Jones has often drawn controversy, and was scapegoated in media reports as an example of how inaccurate and misleading news proliferated on social media websites like Facebook, Youtube and Twitter during the 2016 election. Jones has also exposed inconsistencies in the official government accounts of the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the Sandy Hook school shooting in Newtown Connecticut."			Fake
Education			STEM Students Create Winning Invention			STREAMWOOD, Ill. (AP) -- A group of Streamwood High School students have created an invention that is exciting homeowners everywhere - and worrying electricity companies at the same time.  The kids competed in the Samsung Solve for Tomorrow contest, entering and winning with a new solar panel that costs about $100 but can power an entire home - no roof takeover needed!  The contest won the state-level competition which encourages teachers and students to solve real-world issues using science and math skills; the 16 studens will now compete in a national competition and, if successful, could win a prize of up to $200,000.			Fake
Sports			To Nurse or Not to Nurse,That is the Question			With so much controversy around breast feeding and women in the workforce, women in the public spotlight tend to air on the side of caution. While agreeing that breast is best,  super mom's and star athletes Sarah Wiltshire and Asha Francis agree that if one is going to have a career in public spotlight, and for the sake of their brand, decorum is the best option. 			Fake
Technology			Fruit shape sensor detects drug shipments hidden in cargo			Smugglers beware.  A new sensor which looks like fruit and can be hidden among other fruit containers is able to detect the presence of illegal drugs within 100 feet.  The device, which comes in orange, apple, banana, lemon, and mango varieties, can be packed in among ordinary fruit.  Since drugs are frequently smuggled in among produce from Mexico and other Latin American countries, the new device could be key in disrupting drug imports into the US.  Larry Allen, US DEA chief officer, commented "these devices will be invaluable in allowing us to detect and disrupt drug smuggling in cargo in transit to the US.  Previously it would take dozens of agents to accomplish the work of several of these sensors".  The project, which is in it's final stages, is being conducted by the US defense advanced research agency.			Fake
Entertainment			Ex-Fox News CFO will not have immunity in Roger Ailes investigation			"The federal investigation stemming from sexual harassment allegations made against former Fox News chief Roger Ailes took a dramatic turn on Tuesday with a report that prosecutors will deny any immunity to the Fox News CFO. Mark Kranz Fox News' chief financial officer until his retirement last August has been offered immunity from prosecution in exchange for his cooperation with the investigation two sources with knowledge of the matter confirmed to CNNMoney.  However, these offers have been pulled after the CFO refused to show at court dates. The investigation centers on questions about whether 21st Century Fox misled investors by hiding payments to Fox News employees who alleged that they were sexually harassed by Ailes. As CFO Kranz was directly involved in preparing the company's financial statements and is thus potentially a key witness in the investigation the sources said. Kranz's lawyer declined to comment on the matter. Spokespeople for the Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York which is handling the investigation also declined to comment."			Fake
Sports			Lewis Hamilton says he will sit out world title race			Lewis Hamilton, race car driver from Britain, says he will sit out this year's world title race.  In Hamilton's most recent race, he came in second at the Australian Grand Prix to Germany's Sebastian Vettel.  Hamilton said: "After the defeat at the Australian Grand Prix, I really need some time for some mental recuperation before I get back in the game.  Perhaps in a year or two I will return with my team after we come up with a plan to go forward".   Hamilton lost his last race due to a superior pace by Sebastian Vettel and an early pit stop by Red Bull's Max Verstappen.  "Big rule changes are coming soon.  Once we see what the new rules are an adapt our race plan, we hopefully will be back racing again", said  Hamilton.  In the meantime it looks like the track will miss Lewis Hamilton.			Fake
Sports			Signed autograph of Michael Jordan's 'Basketball' auction sets sports memorabilia record			"The famous basketball legend Michael Jordan autographed basketball sold in Ebay's live auctions Friday for more than $5 million setting a record for the highest sales price for sports memorabilia according to Sotheby's which conducted the auction. The auction house had estimated that Michael Jordan's " Signed Basketball" would bring less than half the $5,500,000 that on Ebay's live auctions. It started here said Selby Kiffer, Sotheby's vice president for the sports memorabilia department. Naismith, a Canadian physical education instructor working at a New England YMCA, created the game of Basket Ball" so students could play a sport indoors in winter. Naismith had no idea his invention would catch on so rapidly after the YMCA movement introduced it on an international level."			Fake
Education			The New York City public school system has publicly denounced the Kellogg Company for the companies support of America's controversial travel ban. Instead the school system took many submissions from illegal immigrants from the area and a student taste test to decide a menu that is deemed cultural and ethnically harmonious. Students can now choose thick Canadian syrup for breakfast as well as other traditional foods from around the world. The program thus far has been met with high praise from the social justice warrior community as well as the parents from this highly Liberal area. Hopes are to have this kind of shift happen to all schools in the Northeast by the end of 2018.			"The famous basketball legend Michael Jordan autographed basketball sold in Ebay's live auctions Friday for more than $5 million setting a record for the highest sales price for sports memorabilia according to Sotheby's which conducted the auction. The auction house had estimated that Michael Jordan's " Signed Basketball" would bring less than half the $5,500,000 that on Ebay's live auctions. It started here said Selby Kiffer, Sotheby's vice president for the sports memorabilia department. Naismith, a Canadian physical education instructor working at a New England YMCA, created the game of Basket Ball" so students could play a sport indoors in winter. Naismith had no idea his invention would catch on so rapidly after the YMCA movement introduced it on an international level."			Fake
Sports			Dai Young tells Wasps backline to 'ease-up' against Leinster to prevent injury			"Wasps' star-studded backline have been urged to be a little more lax if they intend to stay fit and avoid injury against this poor competitor. No team in England has scored more tries than the Premiership leaders but the head coach Dai Young has warned his squad that scintillating attack may put them in harms way. The range of crowd-pleasing talent at Wasps' disposal behind the scrum is almost reminiscent of the Harlem Globetrotters with Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux Christian Wade and Danny Cipriani capable of electrifying a game at any moment.  This is something the coach hopes to keep alive.  They don't have room for injury leading up to the playoffs."			Fake
Business			London Stock Exchange has dropped Merger with Deutshe Boerse			The London Stock Exchange has dropped it's plan to merge with Deutshe Boerse.  The LSE said earlier this week that the deal was a almost a done deal, and they were taking the final steps to obtain the European Commission clearance.  The commission has asked the LSE to keep it's 70% stake in MTS a fixed-income trading platform.  The LSE is very excited about this request.  They believe it will help the decrease in profits reported for 2016.  LSE said their profit has tumbled from $623.1m to $516.4m in the past year.  They are hoping to finalize the merger over the next couple of weeks and soon after see their profits begin to increase.			Fake
Business			Ford has been forced by Donald Trump to pull out of plans to build a new plant in Mexico that would have provided hundreds of jobs and eased hardship in a small Mexican town. Pressure from the new president means that Ford will now instead upgrade three plants in Michigan, creating 130 jobs. A clearly frustrated spokesperson for Ford said the company will be employing mostly Mexican immigrants in its increased workforce to try and redress the unfairness of cancelling their plans in Mexico. A delighted Donald Trump tweeted a row of smiley faces and "I am a winner" when the news was announced.			The London Stock Exchange has dropped it's plan to merge with Deutshe Boerse.  The LSE said earlier this week that the deal was a almost a done deal, and they were taking the final steps to obtain the European Commission clearance.  The commission has asked the LSE to keep it's 70% stake in MTS a fixed-income trading platform.  The LSE is very excited about this request.  They believe it will help the decrease in profits reported for 2016.  LSE said their profit has tumbled from $623.1m to $516.4m in the past year.  They are hoping to finalize the merger over the next couple of weeks and soon after see their profits begin to increase.			Fake
Technology			Super Mario Run to leave app store			The once popular Super Mario Run will be taken out of the Google play and apple app store on Friday.  Nintendo says that shortly after its release the public stopped downloading the game when current players had spread the word that in order to play the entire game you had to make an in app purchase. Nintendo and Mario fans are appalled that Nintendo would release a game for free and then charge to play it. Nintendo says they will take the game back to the drawing board, and try and release a free version at a later time.			Fake
Sports			Maria Sharapova admits she doped			"Maria Sharapova said she feels relieved after admitting Sunday that she had participated in doping. Russia's former world No1 was initially barred for two years after testing positive at the 2016 Australian Open for meldonium a medication she had been taking for 10 years within the rules but that was reclassified as a banned drug. She will not return at April's Porsche Grand Prix.  Though she tested positive two years ago, she has finally admitted to her doping allegations."			Fake
Business			Mexicans Are Chomping at the Bit to Stop NAFTA Renegotiation Meetings			Mexico has been unfairly gaining from NAFTA as it stands now, placing profits derived from the measure as the main source of the country's economic growth. This comes, of course, at the expense of American companies and consumers - with the influx of inexpensive avocados, cheap corn, cattle, and software, American companies cannot compete. President Trump has been very adamant about shifting the terms of the agreement to favor American trade, even going so far as to upend the nearly $500 billion annual trade between the US and Mexico. Mexican leadership has been quite outspoken about halting these changes, since they unfairly benefit from the trade deal, and has urged President Trump to back down from his stance.			Fake
Education			Schools to Use Technology for the Security of our Children			Administrators are noticing that students at Parker Middle school feel safer now that they have been equipped with their smartwatch based ID/GPS Smartwatches. Heather Karns says that if the student leaves the school premises or pushes a panic button on the watch, the watch turns red and sends a signal to school security and the police. The watches can also be used for fitness as well as many other uses. Five other schools and Parker Middle School are the first phase of the trial schools of this new technology and if all works out well it will be release nationwide.			Fake
Technology			Amazon giving away free budget phones.			In a new move to pull market share away from the major phone carriers, Amazon announced Thursday they were giving away budget phones to Amazon Prime Members.  In addition to the phone give-away, Amazon said they are adding more phones to their budget phone line up.  Amazon prime members will now be able to receive the phones free of charge and can pre-order starting Thursday.  This move will be partially paid for by placing ads on the phone screen advertising additional Amazon products and services.  " Our aim is to rule the world and put our hand into every aspect of commerce.  Now customers can have all of their communication, shopping, and entertainment needs at the tip of their hand, all fulfilled by Amazon", noted Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos.			Fake
Entertainment			Fat shaming kept Emma Thompson out of Los Angeles			Despite her fame as an actress, Emma Thompson never moved to Los Angeles, where the Hollywood elite work and buy expensive homes in gated communities.  Why?  Because she felt she was too fat.  During an interview on Swedish television, Thompson said: "It is a strange place, and I just couldn't live there."  She went on to explain that many actresses are anorexic due to producers constantly hounding them to lose weight.  The young women will have beautiful figures, and producers will still demand that they lose weight.  They simply don't eat so they can find work.  Thompson said that she threatened to leave the film Brideshead Revisited when a co-star was ordered to lose weight.  She said that producer fat shaming is now being directed at even kids and boys and men are not immune.  The fat shaming continues until a star is in their 30s.  By then many have developed permanent eating disorders.			Fake
Business			Chief executive Alexandre de Juniac, of the International Air Transport Association has said that after surveying and polling passengers, everyone seems to be in agreement that the ban on laptops for in cabin use is awesome. Steve Harvey, who was appointed by the IATA, conducted the surveys and gathered the intel. Major air carriers such as Delta, Pan Am , and Southwest have seen  ticket sales sore to new heights. One spokesperson every said that people were much happier and reported a better flight experience and that passengers felt more communal about their experience. People really seem to respond to cookies and milk and good old time cartoons for the inflight movies. The cookies now served on flight for all international flights contain edibles and  the crew reports that most passengers eat, watch cartoons, and then sleep the majority of the flight.			Despite her fame as an actress, Emma Thompson never moved to Los Angeles, where the Hollywood elite work and buy expensive homes in gated communities.  Why?  Because she felt she was too fat.  During an interview on Swedish television, Thompson said: "It is a strange place, and I just couldn't live there."  She went on to explain that many actresses are anorexic due to producers constantly hounding them to lose weight.  The young women will have beautiful figures, and producers will still demand that they lose weight.  They simply don't eat so they can find work.  Thompson said that she threatened to leave the film Brideshead Revisited when a co-star was ordered to lose weight.  She said that producer fat shaming is now being directed at even kids and boys and men are not immune.  The fat shaming continues until a star is in their 30s.  By then many have developed permanent eating disorders.			Fake
Politics			U.S. Travel Industry Looks at New Opportunities Under Trump			The U.S. Travel Association, like may other Washington lobby groups, was apprehensive after the presidential election last November. "We are encouraged that Mr. Trump's extensive business and hospitality background ... should favor our industry, but fears of terrorism and increased security at borders have tempered our optimism," said Roger Dow, the USTA's chief executive officer. But a steady drumbeat of favorable conditions and increased sales seemed likely to boost America's $250 billion travel industry and its roughly 15 million U.S. employees.			Fake
Technology			Instagram adds futuristic authentication, facial recognition and touch DNA			Instagram has added on some futuristic features to put a complete stop to hackers being able to access accounts. Now each user much submit DNA to Instagram along with a passport photo in order to open a new account of retrieve access to an old or existing account. Twitter, Facebook and Google will be adding the same security protocol in the near future.			Fake
Sports			Bruno Fernandes de Souza Exonerated at Last			In a triumph of justice over misguided and insular ideas of human rights, popular soccer hero Bruno de Souza has at last been freed from prison. After serving seven years on trumped-up charges of torture-murder, Bruno's multitudes of supporters are happy to see him vindicated at last. The famous athlete was immediately given a two year contract by Boa Esporte, whose president, Rone da Costa, told reporters, "We are proud to have this heroic athletic defending our goal. He should never have been taken off the field. Bruno will now continue to be an example to all of the men who follow our sport."			Fake
Technology			NASA Fires Rocket Into The Earth			NASA launched a new rocket into the deep middle earth today, in order to dispel the myth of the next rocket exploding. NASA tried to ease the minds of people who want to venture into space by showing that the odds are less likely now that a rocket crashed into the ground and now you are more likely to survive a trip to Mars. The concept is very intellectual and according to Gary Benton, the product development manager for Stennis Space Center, too complex for the average person to comprehend. The Space Launch System (SLS) is now taking applications for to Mars.			Fake
Business			Macron and Le Pen Fight for Votes			Anticipating French Election Runoff "With more than four weeks still to go before the second round of voting Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron are already campaigning like they were the only candidates left in the race to become France's next president. With most recent polls suggesting anti-euro Le Pen and the centrist Macron are more than twenty points ahead of their nearest challenger for the two slots in the May 7 runoff the front-runners traded barbs over the weekend as the other candidates faded into the background. Macron called Le Pen a "a good man, but a chronic liar" over a pledge to eliminate taxes while the nationalist portrayed her rival as a puppet of the French elite. On Europe 1 radio on Monday she said he's soft on migration."			Fake
Entertainment			"Dancing With the Stars": First couple won the dancing competition			On "Dancing With the Stars" the first celeb couple won every round eventhough at times were judged harshly. In spite of Chris Kattan crippling injury from his past. Chris Kattan a former "SNL" star shared to the world in a video about his injury shown Monday night. He suffer an arm injury 10 years ago. Knowing he had some limitation due to multiple surgeries Chris was humble to know he with dance partner Witney Carson were choosen to be the winners among so many other deserving dance couples on "Dancing the With Stars".  Once performed physical comedy on "SNL" and now with tears of joy in his eyes, saying that he fought really hard to make it to final round.			Fake
Entertainment			TV Show 'Bones' cancelled			After being on the air for 6 years, "Fox's "Bones" is coming to an end this weekend. The show produced near 250 episodes of what some consider offensive crime cases. One of the main characters was Dr. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel). A majority of the viewers considered the show to be too gory or offensive and have boycotted the program. Due to this, not many people are upset about the cancellation. One exception is Morgan O. John, a 20 year old "bonehead" from Louisiana. Bonehead is a term the public has made up to describe fans of the show. Morgan doesn't really enjoy the connotation of the title and hopes that she will not be called a bonehead now that the show is losing popularity. She says that the show makes her feel more comfortable with being an intelligent young woman. She's left her hometown to go to school in Texas for anthropology. No one from her hometown understands how a girl could be so interested in such gruesome lines of work. Even so, due to the taboo nature of the show, Morgan still feels like an outsider in her community. Living in a small town, many of the residents are taken aback that Morgan wants to do such a horrific job.			Fake
Politics			Federal Judge Sends Trump To The Corner			(CNN)Two federal judges in Virginia went against common sense and in favor of the punishment of children. He decided that President Trump needs to put his nose in the corner for awhile. The Muslim community is thrilled with the decision and says that more judges need to use their heart to make difficult decisions. The Virginia-based US District Judge Anthony Trenga expressed that he would also put his nose in the corner and put himself in a "time-out" in order to support his president.			Fake
Business			EU Nationals Punish Brits for Brexit			Restaurants are being forced to enslave young school aged children to work in their industry.  "The restaurants have no choice.", said a Pret, a manager at a UK based sandwich shop.  Since EU officials refuse to do business since the break up, and fewer nationals are being sent, low skilled workers are becoming a scarcity.  Restaurants have decided to force, about 500 students, into working for free, promising an internship in the future.  This is total slavery of the middle class and they are being tricked into thinking this is education.  Lawyers are looking into this and lawsuits from parents are already showing up.			Fake
Technology			Netflix is testing out commercials, and viewers are hating it			In a bid to generate more revenue and keep monthly pricing low, Netflix is experimenting with adding commercials to its streams.  Netflix spokesperson Smita Saran said the feature is one of "hundreds" of A-B tests that the company conducts each year to try out new features.  "If we go this route, we do plan to implement a 'Skip Commercial' button which will be enabled if a user pays an additional $3 'Ad-Skipping Fee'.  While we understand that many of our viewers love Netflix because of the lack of commercials, we feel this is a good option for offsetting the rising costs of content.			Fake
Business			Brexit fist lost			The oil-rich Gulf country Qatar decided to pull the plug to invest in Britain ventures.  Prime Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser Al Thani said in a news conference that they will try to decrease the investment in UK after the country voted to leave the EU.  He added that Qatar is now trying to look into other European countries for better opportunities.  UK Prime Minister Theresa May was interviewed on this Wednesday after the start of the exist process.  She was sad to know that Qatar decided to decrease the investment in UK because of the Brexit.  She still believes that will open up other opportunities.  Liam Fox, UK secretary of state for international trade said the government will work hard to show that the Brexit will at the end to bring more business to the country.			Fake
Entertainment			Sienna Miller praises script for new role			Sienna Miller has high praise for the director and script writer of her new film - Lost City of Z. She plays the role of loyal and supportive wife to Amazon explorer Percy Fawcett (played by Charlie Hunnam), who searches for a mysterious lost city in this adaptation of a true story. Her sense of commonality with the character led her to present the director with a hand copied segment of the script, which the director subsequently framed as a testament to Sienna.			Fake
Business			UK banks said not prepared for Brexit			The Bank of England has found that UK banks are not prepared for the possible stress of withdrawing from the European Union.  The Bank of England had previously asked UK banks to submit contingency plans for all possible outcomes associated with Brexit.  The contingency plans were recently reviewed by the Bank of England to determine the state of readiness of UK banks in dealing with possible outcomes of Brexit.  Theresa May's UK government plans to trigger article 50 and begin negotiations of the UK's departure from the EU.  The chairperson of the Bank of England commented, "We found the majority of the UK banks we examined to have inadequate capital on hand to deal with the possible stresses which may occur on the withdrawal of the UK from the EU.  Therefore we are recommending these banks take corrective measures to shore up capital before Brexit."  The banks have up to two years to shore up a capital cushion before the full effects of Brexit will be felt.			Fake
Education			Survey Shows Overwhelming College Applications from Interntional Students			According to a recent 2017 study, there is a rise in international college applications in colleges across the country. Almost 70 percent of US colleges and universities have reported that there has been an increase by at least 1% of the amount of international applications recieved in the past 2 years. Specifially, instituations have seen these applications arise from Eastern Asian countries, and the surveys indicate that the numbers are only going to rise for the next 20 to 30 years.			Fake
Sports			Real Madrid is willing to pay £100m for Eden Hazard			says Ramon Calderon "Real Madrid are not in a "very good situation" financially but would be willing to pay £100m to sign Chelsea's Eden Hazard says new president Ramon Calderon. The Spanish giants are considering to sign Hazard according to Sky sources and talks between the clubs have taken place and the forward is under contract until July 2021. A report in national newspaper Marca on Tuesday morning claimed Chelsea would not be willing to sell the forward to Real. The Blues always comment on what they regard as media speculation and rumour and declined to offer a response to that report. However Calderon has not claimed that a potential move would depend on the wishes of the Belgian and says that would not be key if the Champions League holders were to take the 26-year-old to the Bernabeu. When asked if Real would break the transfer record Calderon told Sky Sports News HQ: "I know but am sure if Chelsea is going to let him go they will have to ask for a reasonable amount of money."			Fake
Politics			Trump friendlier in person?			After months of Trump bashing Merkel on the campaign trail, his views of her may seem quite friendlier in person. Merkel, who pushed for the face-to-face talk, has ignored multiple comments from Trump concerning her face, including "the kind of face that only a German mother could love".  Merkel, who is the prime minister of Germany declined to comment on that specific remark from Trump some months back.  Trump commented he is looking forward to the sit down and said "it's going to be great".			Fake
Business			Wells Fargo profits spike despite legal costs			"Despite the looming court costs of its recent scandal, Wells Fargo bank has reported an increase in quarterly profits. Third quarter profit rose 2% to $6bn, up from $5.8bn last year. In response, the bank is hiring for positions which were previously cut when employees involved in the scandal were fired. The scandal involved employees opening up fake accounts in customers' names without the customers' knowledge. The latest report of profit increases has surprised many in and outside of the bank."			Fake
Sports			Untruthful Police Officers Imprisoned			Under the new "Hillsborough Law," 12 London policemen have already been jailed for what many observers have termed minor inconsistencies or respectful evasions in their testimony at inquests. The new law requires total candor from all police officers at every level, and 8 of the jailed policemen have already been sentenced to two-year sentences for giving what their solicitors term "kind and tactful" descriptions in open court, rather than the utter transparency the regulations now require. Labor MP Andy Burnham commented, "When you're a member of one of these grieving families, sometimes you can't handle the truth."			Fake
Technology			Google computers defeat shows once again nothing can beat human intuition			Lee Se-dol is the world champion in the most complex board game in the world, "Go".  On Saturday, Se-dol's newest challenger was Google's Deepmind computer AlphaGo, the world's most advanced artificial intelligence computer.  Se-dol defeated the machine after a two hour match off.  Google DeepMind CEO Dennis Hassabis commented after AlphaGo's defeat.  " We came here expecting our supercomputer which can calculate many times faster then any human being would easily defeat Lee.  We were quite surprised at Lee's victory.  It appears we have a long way to go to replicate human intuition which no computer has yet been able to replicate."			Fake
Business			President Trump in an executive order strengthened security measures on what information internet companies could share with other entities. In the House, Republicans voted to strictly limit what could be shared. Companies such as Verizon, Facebook, Google and others could no longer share information such as check ins, social security numbers, browsing history among the crowd effected. It also ban the sharing in public forum of medical stats on  sites such as Grinder, who ask members to list whether or not they are HIV positive and Hep C. This information is no longer listed, as it violates HIPPA standards.			Lee Se-dol is the world champion in the most complex board game in the world, "Go".  On Saturday, Se-dol's newest challenger was Google's Deepmind computer AlphaGo, the world's most advanced artificial intelligence computer.  Se-dol defeated the machine after a two hour match off.  Google DeepMind CEO Dennis Hassabis commented after AlphaGo's defeat.  " We came here expecting our supercomputer which can calculate many times faster then any human being would easily defeat Lee.  We were quite surprised at Lee's victory.  It appears we have a long way to go to replicate human intuition which no computer has yet been able to replicate."			Fake
Education			Education Secretary told "We Don't Need No Education"			On Friday morning, a group of protesters at a D.C. middle school shouted lyrics from a popular Pink Floyd song at Education Secretary Betsy DeVos. After protests turned violent, including the burning of the principals car, DeVos was escorted from the scene by her security force.  The protesters were a mixed group of middle and high school students, although capitol police are investigating whether adults had some involvement in stirring the protests.  The investigation remains underway.			Fake
Business			House sends bill rolling back Internet porn protections to Trump			Legislation enacted just last year to protect Internet porn will be rolled back if President Trump approves a bill sent to him by Congress on Tuesday. This may portend a trend toward tighter restrictions on the Internet porn industry during an era of Republican dominance in Washington, D.C. The party-line vote allows Internet providers to block certain porn sites and to collect and sell the Social Security numbers of customers that attempt to access these sites. Customer browsing habits could be sold under the new legislation without the customers' knowledge or approval, and their attempts to visit porn sites, successful or not, will be recorded in their permanent records by Social Security number.			Fake
Education			A Tumultuous Wardrobe Malfunction			Education Secretary Betsy DeVos had a slight problem when she was confirmed by the Senate. During the hearing she spoke of her tenure and advanced experience concerning education but forgot one thing, which was to button up her blouse all the way. Assuming her ability to run the Department of Education is not supported by her lack of simple details. Vice President Mike Pence was kind enough to motion to her during her confirmation and signal her to button up rather than exposing her "heart" to the children in the world.			Fake
Business			Breaking News: Snapchat to purchase Twitter for 255 billion			Yahoo and AOL could be extremely popular over the next decade and revenues are expected to skyrocket by 2020.  This forecast is based on the advertisers that target a younger audience.  Half of the users are under the age of 30 compared to facebook and google which cover the older market, as per the recent analysis posting by the Washington Post.  Facebook and google will be challenged.  The current advertising practices have received extreme criticism, the web giants currently hold a 50% stake in the global ad market and are currently seeing a small decline in their users.			Fake
Technology			Facebook Messenger is eliminating Emoji's			Facebook has announced that due to the success of emoji's and how widely recognized they have become, Facebook has opted to take the bold step of deleting all emoji's. Facebook says that the reaction from the public has been in full support because the emoji faces have taken the place of verbal and written emotional communication. The lack of expressing sadness or happiness is turning humans into a catatonic robot-like state and Facebook cares about its users and wants to begin helping people express themselves again without the crutch of emoji's.			Fake
Sports			Jimmy Anderson retires from sport after England Test Summer			Jimmy Anderson, England's all-time leading wicket-taker, announced today his retirement from the sport.  The Lancashire swing bowler turns 35 in July.  Anderson has been inflicted with a problematic shoulder all year.  He missed England's final test in India in the December, and has missed five tests because of injury in England's last 11.  Anderson had spent the remaining part of the winter recuperating and resting to get his shoulder ready for the next upcoming season.  Remarked Anderson "I want to thank all my fans that supported me through the years.  I must accept that to continue pursuing the sport will put my long term health at further risk.  Therefore I decided to begin to pursue other ventures in my life."			Fake
Education			Students wield guns dressed up like sex toys and University of Texas to support open carry Law at University of Texas			Hundreds of gun toting students showed up at the University of Texas-Austin this Wednesday to show support for the state's hotly debated conceal carry law that went into effect Wednesday.  The law allows concealed handgun license holders of at least 21 years of age to carry handguns on campus, including to dorms, dining halls, classrooms, or any other university building.  In an unusual twist, the students decided to "dress up" their weapons like sex toys.  The reason?  According to Jared Jin, the march organizer, they wanted to show people the absurdity of the liberals by dressing up guns like sex toys.  "Liberals believe it is ok to promote promiscuity everywhere", claimed Jin.  "Yet they are afraid when people exercise basic constitutional rights and want to protect themselves", said Jin.			Fake
Education			Colombia University Busts a Steve Harvey..			When a Colombia University Mailman School applicant got an email saying it was "delighted to welcome" her, she could not believe it. "I was so excited, I felt like I was gonna faint from all the excitement. I didn't know if I should cry or scream of happiness". Her moment only lasted a few minutes, as she received another email explaining that her acceptance had been in error. "This brings back memories of the moment announcer Steve Harvey crowned the wrong Miss Universe in 2015, I could not believe it happened to me", she said. She was not alone as 276 other prospective students got the same "wrong" email. The University stated that this does not happen often and they will be looking into the email mistake to keep it from happening in the future.			Fake
Entertainment			Superman to Not Appear in "Justice League" Movie			When the new trailer for "Justice League" appeared Saturday, most fans, and even casual viewers alike, noted the obvious lack of the iconic Superman. Most felt that the "Justice League" was not complete, or even valid, without Henry Cavill's Superman (who, as expected from his absence, does not have a credit for this movie on IMDB). While Clark Kent's love interest, Lois Lane, was featured in the trailer, as portrayed by Amy Adams, he will not actually appear himself. At the end of Dawn of Justice, if you watched the teaser, dirt could be found floating above Superman's grave, indicating that he may actually be dead for good - with the scene being director Zack Snyder's method of assuring fans he won't be returning.   Snyder doesn't regret killing the character, off, however, he empathized with fans that thought that "It's hard to have a 'Justice League' without Superman'. Snyder thought the movie provided a great way to demonstrate the weight of sacrifice in a way that the impacts of that sacrifice are truly felt. Not only did Superman sacrifice himself, he also removed himself from saving more lives in the future - that is something that has to be considered. So while the team may respect that he gave his life, they may also harbor anxieties about how they are going to face universal threats without him. "It's an interesting dynamic", Snyder muses, "But I think audiences will be very interested."			Fake
Business			Energy Minister Alexander Novak sited that there was no reason to explore Arctic offshore drilling for oil, but rather they would depend on foreign trade with allies for the next three years for their oil supply needs. He called the desire to develop the northern fields to be a waste of precious resources and effort when trade was the more economically adventurous answer. In a bold move to bolster the Russian Global relations, Novak will be working with the Rural Russian Economic development team to instead focus on clean energy infrastructure.			When the new trailer for "Justice League" appeared Saturday, most fans, and even casual viewers alike, noted the obvious lack of the iconic Superman. Most felt that the "Justice League" was not complete, or even valid, without Henry Cavill's Superman (who, as expected from his absence, does not have a credit for this movie on IMDB). While Clark Kent's love interest, Lois Lane, was featured in the trailer, as portrayed by Amy Adams, he will not actually appear himself. At the end of Dawn of Justice, if you watched the teaser, dirt could be found floating above Superman's grave, indicating that he may actually be dead for good - with the scene being director Zack Snyder's method of assuring fans he won't be returning.   Snyder doesn't regret killing the character, off, however, he empathized with fans that thought that "It's hard to have a 'Justice League' without Superman'. Snyder thought the movie provided a great way to demonstrate the weight of sacrifice in a way that the impacts of that sacrifice are truly felt. Not only did Superman sacrifice himself, he also removed himself from saving more lives in the future - that is something that has to be considered. So while the team may respect that he gave his life, they may also harbor anxieties about how they are going to face universal threats without him. "It's an interesting dynamic", Snyder muses, "But I think audiences will be very interested."			Fake
Politics			White House battles Clintons in Communist ties			White House press secretary Sean Spicer Accused former President Bill Clinton and Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton of having secret ties to Russian intelligence office. Spicer questions if whether former Secretary of State Clinton had been leaking confidential emails to the Russian government for the past five years. Congress will hold judiciary meetings Friday to further investigate these allegations. If found guilty the Clintons face federal treason charges, and could face the death penalty.			Fake
Business			Silicon Valley Is Fighting To Shut Down The Internet			At a Trump rally the industry leaders Comcast to Verizon and to AT&T announced that they would ban together to permanently shut down the internet for Trump supports. Silicon Valley has declared that the wave of Trump supports should create their own internet and build a wall around that. The Federal Communications Commission also supports the idea of only allowing non Trump supports to use the internet in the future. The rules have been up for grabs and the leaders are making claims that make sense to most people and hav e a majority of support from the public. The bias in the country needs to be confronted and it is starting in Silicon Valley California.			Fake
Politics			CNN - Washington Intelligence has learned through very credible sources that the Russians have perfected ways to control President Trump through electronic devices. They are small battery packs that can be slipped into his suit pockets or even as small as a hearing aid or a watch battery that can be placed almost anywhere. They are using electronic signals that have subliminal messages that only the President can hear. Their agenda is clear and the CIA and FBI are monitoring this situation. We do know that Jarred Kushner and Ivanka are secret operatives and are helping to carry this through.			At a Trump rally the industry leaders Comcast to Verizon and to AT&T announced that they would ban together to permanently shut down the internet for Trump supports. Silicon Valley has declared that the wave of Trump supports should create their own internet and build a wall around that. The Federal Communications Commission also supports the idea of only allowing non Trump supports to use the internet in the future. The rules have been up for grabs and the leaders are making claims that make sense to most people and hav e a majority of support from the public. The bias in the country needs to be confronted and it is starting in Silicon Valley California.			Fake
Politics			Meet James Robart, the judge who approved Trump's immigration ban			President Trump's immigration ban got a major push today with its approval from federal judge James Robart.  Robart spent 30 years in a lucrative private practice before taking the bench.  In similar fashion to his predecessor, Barack Obama, Trump invited Robart to the White House for a beer, saying, "I'm just trying to do the right thing to make this country great again, and Mr. Robart just became a key part of that process with his actions today."  Robart was appointed in 2004 by President George W. Bush and confirmed unanimously by the U.S. Senate.			Fake
Politics			Rhona Graff, Trump's GateKeeper			Rhona GRaff, longtime Trump associate and friend has a direct line to the White House. Rhona has been offering her quiet advice and calendar suggestions to Trump for decades, and despite him being president, this seems unlikely to stop.  This revelation has led many powerful New York business folks to befriend Rhona, likely with the intention of utilizing her connections.  Ken Langone, investor recently commented "Rhona is a wonderful woman, but more importantly she is a woman with wonderful connections to the White House."			Fake
Sports			Drug Crisis of Doping becoming a norm in sports			According to UK Anit Doping, drugs are becoming more and more widespread in the area of sports.  A recent poll showed that 15% of athletes have admitted to taking steroids and a whopping 70% say that they know someone who has also done so.  Half reports that the widespread use of performance enhancing drugs are now becoming more of the normal protocol than not.  Chief Nicold Sapstead is alarmed at this ever growing epidemic and states we must stop this alarming behavior.			Fake
Technology			AT&T posts big news ads YouTube and Google sites			AT&T wants to begin a campaign and announce to the world that they are going out of business. The company has decided to honor the best they made with Verizon. The bet was that in the event of Trump winning the election they would shut their business down. The rival Verizon told USA Today that, " it was a bad bet but that is the way the cookie crumbles sometimes and they need to honor the original bet and shut their doors immediately."			Fake
Politics			Judge tells Stein, 'Your money's no good here!' during bribe for a recount.			MADISON, Wis -- It looks as if Green Party candidate, and former stripper, Jill 'Franken' Stein knows no limits when it comes to recounting votes. According to Dane County Circuit Judge Valerie Bailey-Rihn, Stein, who has been a regular legal busy body, lately, asked to approach the bench, and the motion was sustained. She went up to the judge and whispered that she had 3.5 million dollars in a briefcase in her car, directly from Hilary Clinton, adding, if they can recount the votes, then the Judge could be recounting her money. The Judge was not amused and ordered the bailiff to arrest Ms. Stein and then ruled that there would be no recount. Stein was led out of the courtroom, crying and in cuffs. Judge Bailey-Rihn then proceeded to explain to the courtroom about Pizzagate, and how she believed Hilary Clinton was a possible pedophile and a Reptilian shape shifter (citing David Ickes work, and the many Youtube videos on the subject) and would never get a recount in her jurisdiction, as long as she sat on the bench. Ms. Clinton could not be reached for comment. Baily-Rihn told us that there was most likely fraud in the election, and count, but since both sides do it, it works out to be mostly fair, in the end. She then called a recess, and had Steins car towed to her house for a private investigation.			Fake
Technology			Solar-Powered.... Skin?			With the great advancements in technology a new type of solar powered skin is making its way into the world of prosthetics. Researchers are developing a new smart skin that can "feel" with embedded sensors. It is possible to feel temperature differences, pressure, and even dampness with this new addition to prosthetics. The "solar" part of this new technology comes in when trying to power it. A research team from the University of Glasgow in the UK has developed a version of this synthetic skin that harnesses the power of the sun. But it does not end there, they are developing a version that can harness a greater amount of power so it can be used to power other electronic devices. Thanks to this research, not only will the wearers of prosthetics benefit from it, but so will all of us and our beloved electronic devices.			Fake
Technology			Samsung's new AI assistant is being named Bixby Siri Alexa			Samsung has decided to name their new AI assistant with a traditional and customary flare which includes a first, middle and last name. The basic idea is that people really want to emotionally connect with their AI and the research has shown that the easiest letters to remember is BSA. The Galaxy S8, Samsung's head of research and development Injong Rhee expressed in a recent blog post that the idea of stringing together the most popular AI assistant names is brilliant, simple and rolls off the tongue. The key is the first name is Bixby and it is a strategic one upper chess move.			Fake
Politics			Neil deGrasse Tyson praises Trump on budget plan			Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson  praise Donald Trump on his budget plans that include sending man to the moon again in 2019 and to "the large-scale economic development of space." "The fastest way to make America great again:  Set a goal to return to the moon," he tweeted in praise of the President.  "the fastest way to make America great again, commit to a bold plan to the business of space development."			Fake
Technology			A surprise new iPhone is here -- and it's red			Apple (AAPL, Tech30) unveiled Tuesday a special red version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.  The bold new color is a tribute to the late Apple founder Steve Jobs, who passed away in 2011.  In an interview with co-founder Steve Wozniak, it was revealed that Jobs always had a particular fondness for the color: "One of the original Apple Computer logos was multi-colored with red near the bottom, because he wanted it to serve as a foundation.  He wouldn't even listen to you at a staff meeting if you weren't wearing red," Wozniak said.  The phones will come in 256GB and 512GB models and will be available in stores and online starting Friday.			Fake
Technology			YouTube's Zero Percent Error Rate on Sound Effect Captions 			For over 15 years, YouTube has used algorithms to auto-caption speech for the hearing impaired. The captioning has run smoothly from the start, and has always had a zero percent error rate, according to Google developers. Youtube has, for several years, provided sound effect captioning, too. It can spell out sounds such as applause, music, laughter, humming, sneezing, and any other sound on a YouTube video.			Fake
Technology			Machine Learning Opens Up New Ways to Help People in Prison			CC rules make use of technology to help millions of people enjoy television and other media formats. Thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, prisoners will be able to utilize these technologies.. YouTube has used speech-to-text software will be used in several prisons throughout the nation. Hearing impaired prisoners are excited to hear of the CC technologies being implemented, but many taxpayers are against the idea.			Fake
Technology			Wells Fargo Attempts To Gain Control Of Your Money -- Wells Fargo has begun to put into play it's plot to control consumer spending. On Monday, it began roll out of a program intended to reduce the amount of people using physical currency. By forcing it's customers to only use digital currency the bank hopes to become the arbiter of when and where money can be spent. Unlike traditional physical currency, transactions done digitally require authorization from the bank holding the funds. Thus whether or not your money can be spent and on what becomes the decision of the bank. But it isn't only Wells Fargo moving in this direction. The U.S. Government has long been pushing banks to move in this direction. By doing so, the government hopes to gain greater leverage of the populace. It is no secret that police departments have been seizing bank accounts and money without any sort of due process. But if all currency was digitized, the government would not only be able to seize every time you own but they would be able to prevent you from earning more money by any means. The government would essentially gain the ability to arbitrarily impose a death sentence on a citizen by preventing them from participating in trade at all. Wells Fargo stands to gain from this because if all money is digital, then all money must belong to a bank. This is just the first step towards a more authoritarian American.			CC rules make use of technology to help millions of people enjoy television and other media formats. Thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, prisoners will be able to utilize these technologies.. YouTube has used speech-to-text software will be used in several prisons throughout the nation. Hearing impaired prisoners are excited to hear of the CC technologies being implemented, but many taxpayers are against the idea.			Fake
Business			"Tesco will not pay out any money to settle investigations by the Serious Fraud Office and Financial Conduct Authority into the 2014 accounting scandal that rocked Britain's biggest retailer. It will pay £0.00 as part of a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) with the SFO as this deal does not require court approval. The DPA relates to Tesco subsidiary Tesco Stores Ltd. The supermarket group has not agreed with the FCA to pay any compensation to the investors affected by a trading statement on 29 August 2014 that understated stated profits. Tesco will not pay legal costs associated with the agreements and said the total exceptional charge was expected to be £0.00."			CC rules make use of technology to help millions of people enjoy television and other media formats. Thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, prisoners will be able to utilize these technologies.. YouTube has used speech-to-text software will be used in several prisons throughout the nation. Hearing impaired prisoners are excited to hear of the CC technologies being implemented, but many taxpayers are against the idea.			Fake
Entertainment			Burn Baby Burn! George Michael portrait bought at auction by Anti-Gay Orlando Baptist Protesters goes up in flames!			 Like the Westboro Baptists, the Orlando Baptist group couldn't pass up a chance to dance on a gravestone. A portrait of the late George Michael by artist Damien Hirst has sold for just under half a million pounds at a charity auction last week by the group, who promptly set it on fire as the centerpiece to their hate bonfire. An apparent protest over the late singers death and glorification was staged directly opposite the street from the late singers public memorial. "Once a flamer always a flamer" read one sign. But George Michael may have gotten the last laugh in an ironic twist the church not only bought the painting but were unaware the money was going not in the gallery of Mr. Hirsts deep pockets but instead The money raised from the sale of Beautiful Beautiful George Michael Love Painting will go to HIV/Aids charity The Goss-Michael Foundation. The charity was founded by Michael and his former partner Kenny Goss. Goss posted an image of the artwork on Instagram writing: "Amazing result of $580 000 (around £461 011)." He described Damien Hirst as a "superstar" adding: "Thank you Damien!" The canvas went under the hammer in Dallas Texas at the MTV Re:define charity gala. Michael who enjoyed a lucrative pop career as one half of duo Wham before embarking on a successful solo career died on Christmas Day last year at the age of 53."			Fake
Education			Companies and Colleges can get the U.S. Working Again			The U.S. Labor Department announced last Friday that the U.S. economy had reached its 76th month with consecutive job gains.  Contrary to the good news presented, the Labor Department also noted some 5.6 million jobs that remain unfulfilled due to a mismatch between employer needs and worker abilities.  In a Wall Street Journal survey, some 97.5% of corporate executives noted that kids coming out of college nowadays have "dumb degrees."  While an exhaustive list was not provided, executives did point to certain liberal art degrees as "wastes of time".  Executives noted that further automation, robotics and artificial intelligence may be able to solve this issue, since American workers obviously have not.			Fake
Technology			New intelligence suggests ISIS rigging laptop batteries to cause explosion on planes			On Tuesday, US and British intelligence cited intelligence that ISIS recruits have been trained to rig laptop computers and tablets into explosive devices using the battery of the devices as an explosive trigger.  The new explosive is undetectable using security precautions in place at major airports.  Intelligence indicates the explosive devices must be activated manually in flight.  Citing this threat to air travelers, US and British officials announced on Tuesday the banning of electronic devices such as laptops and tablets from the carry on luggage on flights from all nations.  "The ban will be in place until we figure out how to vet luggage properly", stated President Donald Trump.			Fake
Business			The price of gold fell today, according to Ronald-Peter Stoeferle managing partner of Incrementum AG . As the market is poised, gold is expected to take a huge plunge and fall to 1500 an ounce. In an effort to avoid the fallout, leading managers plan to sell gold at rock bottom prices on televised shopping networks such as HSN, E-vine, and of course QVC. Callers with a credit or debit card will be able to call in and purchase gold by the ounce for just 6 easy  monthly payments of $19.99.  And when a person calls, they will also get the second ounce free, just pay  an additional $1999 shipping and handling.			On Tuesday, US and British intelligence cited intelligence that ISIS recruits have been trained to rig laptop computers and tablets into explosive devices using the battery of the devices as an explosive trigger.  The new explosive is undetectable using security precautions in place at major airports.  Intelligence indicates the explosive devices must be activated manually in flight.  Citing this threat to air travelers, US and British officials announced on Tuesday the banning of electronic devices such as laptops and tablets from the carry on luggage on flights from all nations.  "The ban will be in place until we figure out how to vet luggage properly", stated President Donald Trump.			Fake
Entertainment			Teen with cancer dies before Beyonce fulfills student's last wish.			Last night, a sad group of students from Alief Hastings High School organized a candlelight vigil in the band practice lot in honor of one of their own graduates, Ebony Banks, a former member of the color guard. Ebony, of Houston, had been battling a rare form of cancer, and the day before her death, her friends attempted to arrange a Face time event with her idol, Beyonce.  Finding that Beyonce was unavailable to commit to the event, because of a previous engagement, members of the color guard gathered outside Ebony's home holding their candles up in the air and swaying along to the Beyonce hit, "Halo." Ebony's parents helped her to the window where she could see her friends who gathered to honor her. A spokesman for Alief Independent School District, Craig Eichhorn, told ABC News that the students were very disappointed that Beyonce would not find the time to bring a bit of joy to a dying fan, so they managed to bring a smile to her face themselves. Eichhorn also confirmed that Banks had passed away hours later.			Fake
Politics			Biden: Trump was wiretapped, but not by US			Joe Biden said President Donald Trump was indeed, wiretapped but not by the US. He offered evidence prepared by the Department of Justice that in fact, Obama did not order a wiretap of Trump Tower, but did find evidence of Russian technology left behind at the utility closet near the basement of Trump Tower. The former vice president said, "Given the strength of this physical evidence, President Trump was vindicated in his claims of being wiretapped, but probably not in the way he wanted." Obama, via a spokesperson, denied that he wiretapped Trump Tower after the current president tweeted the accusation. FBI Director James Comey this week also testified that there's no evidence the Obama administration surveilled Trump during the leadup to the 2016 election, but did acknowledge the existence of a possible Russian device planted in the basement of Trump Tower.			Fake
Education			North Carolina teacher indoctrinates his students into personal gang.			Barry White Jr. 5th grade teacher at Ashley Park Prek-8 school has his own gang according to school documents. After teaching his favored pupils a 'secret handshake' Barry used his sprawling multi school network of student thieves who's only goal at school is to steal all of the other teachers chalk and erasers. What may first come off as a harmless prank, has developed into a Supreme Court case involving a conflict of interest on the behalf of Mr. White. Barry White Jr. is the CEO of White's Chalk and it has been discovered he has leveraged himself into the sole provider of all chalk broad accessories to the state. Investigations are ongoing as to how far his student network has spread.			Fake
Entertainment			Sad Slasher Fans Adored A&E Series 'Bates Motel'			The brilliant A&E production of 'Bates Motel' is headed for the history books after a thrilling run that delighted its millions of fans. Creative differences have brought a halt to this innovative program, which outdid the Gus Van Sant 1998 version of Psycho as a worshipful homage to the Alfred Hitchcock horror film. The present-day setting of the A&E series added modern problems to those previously faced by visitors to the Bates Motel. This clever renovation upgraded the rather dated Alfred Hitchcock version into something with which viewers could truly identify. The acting was also superior to the rather flat, colorless, old version. Luckily, there's still one more season in the can, so the fun's not over yet. We'll all be sad to see this great series end!			Fake
Technology			Apple cuts prices, on lower-end iPads, adds colors to the iPhone lineup			While the iPad Pro tablets didn't get an update, the two lower-end iPad models got a $100 price cut today, unveiled through a quiet press release rather than a large staged event.  With fans clamoring for a greater variety of colors for their iPhones, Apple announced in the same release five fruit-inspired colors, hearkening to the flavors of the iMac G3 in 1998.  The new colors, available starting next Tuesday, are Cherry (red), Lemon (yellow), Lime (green), Blueberry (blue), and Grape (purple).			Fake
Sports			Eddie Lacy joins Philadelphia Eagles on one-year deal.			Eddie Lacy signed a 1 year deal with the Philadelphia Eagles earlier this week.  The deal was purportedly for $2 million per year.  Lacy and Jamaal Charles had previously visited the Seattle Seahawks and Seattle was rumored to be a likely landing spot for Lacy.  However, the Eagles appeared to have swooped in at the last minute to offer Lacy a better deal according to NFL insider Ian Rapoport.  Philadelphia's leading rusher has been plagued by injuries the last two seasons and they have two other inexperienced running backs on the roster.  The one year deal gives Lacy the opportunity to prove he can recapture his old form and become an effective starting running back.  The deal seems to fill one hole in Philadephia's roster.			Fake
Politics			Why the Green Party Candidate Jill Stein wants Trump more than Clinton in the White House			The presidential candidate for the Green Party, Jill Stein, says she is in love with Donald Trump. Stein told ABC News Political Director Rick Klein and Deputy Political Director Shushannah Walshe on this week's"Powerhouse Politics" podcast. "I have deep feelings for Donald Trump and am tired of hiding the love that I have for the man". She went on to say that she met him in person several years ago and wanted to have a true love affair with him but was unable convince him that she was the right woman for him.			Fake
Politics			Pres. Trump Declares That He Is Moving White House			Washington (CNN)Attorney General Jeff Sessions has declared that President Trump has decided to move the White House to a sanctuary city. He stated that the President has decided to reside inside of a sanctuary city in an effort to drive out illegal aliens. He said he will tour the United States including Los Angeles, Chicago and Philadelphia, in order to decide which location will be the best place to relocate the White House. Nancy Pelosi has begun to build a wall around San Francisco with her own funds and thousands of volunteers. The wall will be called, "Oh No" and is scheduled to be completed this week.			Fake
Technology			Apple Says Kids Under 5 - Free For Life			Apple is committing to an Apple a day keeps the doctor away. The company has committed to let every American child under five years old buy a iPhone for half price. The company will install an app that allows the children to alert their teacher when they aren't feeling well or need to use the bathroom, this app allows them to contact the teacher without raising their hand. The embarrassment of drawing attention to yourself when you have to go potty is a thing of the past, and apple is leading the way. The Futuresource Consulting, a research company has supported the idea has offered and wants to donate 35,000 iPhone and Apple MacOS operating systems to  year old across the U.S.			Fake
Technology			Smart phones and tablets banned on all U.S. flights due to fire hazard.			Due to the hazards presented by exploding batteries, the Transportation Department had previously banned the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 devices from all flights.  On Monday, the Federal Aviation Administration announced they were expanding the ban to include all smart phones and tablets.  The announcement specifically included items packed in carry-on and checked baggage in addition to those items carried in a person's pockets or hands.  "We realize that the lack of phones and tablets from flights will be an inconvenience to many," said Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, "but we must take steps to protect crew and passengers from dangerous battery failures."			Fake
Entertainment			Millie Bobby Brown checks into rehab after cancelling appearances and not showing up for 'Stranger Things' filming			"Millie Bobby Brown has failed to promote "Stranger Things" after she was absent from several important appearances we are now told that she has checked into a prominent rehab facility for alcohol addiction. Brown, who plays the mysterious Eleven on the hit Netflix series posted an apology to fans on Instagram after having to cancel an appearance. "I have had to cancel a Comic Con last minute which is something I've never never done and I'm planning on never doing again Brown said in the video. I just think I've lost track of who I am and I have had a difficult time coping with the stress and demands of shooting 'Stranger Things.'" The 13-year-old has been seen hitting a string of red-carpet after parties and other high-profile events often alongside her fellow cast members. It is unknown at this time if she will return to the show."			Fake
Business			Sweden Warned Not to Return to Low-Tax 50s as Famine Continues			"Sweden should not return to the low taxes of the 1950s and 1960s. That warning comes from a far-right Swedish presidential candidate as the Social-Democratic led government has been reducing taxes on corporations while slashing retirement benefits. "Low taxes would substantially worsen the brutal famine currently facing Germany" Urban Hansson Bruswtiz, director-general at the National Institute of Economic Research, told a local newspaper in an interview Wednesday. Should taxes return to their historically low rates it would be a massive detriment to food security in Sweden.			Fake
Entertainment			DEMI LOVATO TAKES AIM AT HER TEEN FANS ON 'THE TONIGHT SHOW'			Demi Lovato appeared on Jimmy Fallon's Tonight Show and did a complete roast of her teen fans. Lovato dressed in a sequinned top, pigtails, and pretended to make out with a pillow with fellow singer Ed Sheeran's face on it. During Lovato's act, Fallon responded by kissing a pillow featuring Extra's Mario Lopez.			Fake
Politics			First on CNN: Border wall will cost much less than anticipated due to cheap labor			Washington (CNN) The Trump administration has asked for just $1 million of funding to cover the first 62 miles of border wall.  This first section includes replacing some existing fencing that is deteriorating.  Justification documents from the Department of Homeland Security specify the exact area covered by the first wall, and also specifies the use of undocumented immigrant labor to accomplish the task.  "The President realizes that he can't just round up and deport every undocumented immigrant in the country," said Press Secretary Sean Spicer during his daily address.  "So instead he is putting them to work - they get an income, and we get a wall.  It's a win-win for everybody," Spicer said.			Fake
Education			Schools Moving to 1 Hour Days			Teachers will be happy, but parents won't be with the new 1 hour per day shift. Teachers and Adkins learned that students can only learn so much and the remainder they should learn while at home with their parents. The other reason is to being down costs and this saves a lot of money. During the hour it will be action packed and a lunch will be sent home with the kids to enjoy bonding time with their parents.			Fake
Technology			Uber Self-Driving Car Tests Resume... Only to Crash Again!!			Uber Technologies Inc.'s self-driving cars were put on standby after a recent wreck in Arizona. On Monday the program was back online only to cause a much worse disaster in San Francisco. Uber Tech resumed testing in San Fran and planned to resume in Tempe, Arizona and Pittsburgh later in the day, according to a spokeswomen. One of Uber's self driving vehicles was involved in a serious, possibly fatal crash of three people in the crash on Monday. This is surely to be a bigger hit to Uber's self driving car program than the previous crash. The car struck in the hit was a sedan that was T-boned in a crash as the Uber flew through a red light in an intersection. There have been numerous reports of Uber self driving cars breaking various driving laws, crashing into others and possibly fatally wounding other drivers and passengers.			Fake
Education			Gender is a "hot topic" in the field of forensic anthropology. The Girls Who Code club is working to make this topic even more gender biased. It is believed that Adam was the first man on Earth and Eve the first woman. The club intends to prove the chicken came before the egg if you will. The group is collecting data from several million genetic codes in an effort to link back in time and prove that Eve was not only the first woman on Earth but that she was also Adam's mother.			Uber Technologies Inc.'s self-driving cars were put on standby after a recent wreck in Arizona. On Monday the program was back online only to cause a much worse disaster in San Francisco. Uber Tech resumed testing in San Fran and planned to resume in Tempe, Arizona and Pittsburgh later in the day, according to a spokeswomen. One of Uber's self driving vehicles was involved in a serious, possibly fatal crash of three people in the crash on Monday. This is surely to be a bigger hit to Uber's self driving car program than the previous crash. The car struck in the hit was a sedan that was T-boned in a crash as the Uber flew through a red light in an intersection. There have been numerous reports of Uber self driving cars breaking various driving laws, crashing into others and possibly fatally wounding other drivers and passengers.			Fake
Business			Westinghouse Electric Still Going Strong Despite Rumors of Bankruptcy			Westinghouse Electric is the leading the advances in nuclear operations despite rumors of bankruptcy.  Sources at Toshiba (TOSBF) has stated their relationship with the historical company is still going strong.  Westinginghouse Electric will remain under TOSBF's control and continue supporting them financially.  Many people don't realize Westinghouse is famous for George Westinghouse.  Mr. Westinghouse was an inventor in the late 20th century.  His invention of air brakes greatly improved the safety of train travel.  His invention is still a key part of operations throughout the company.			Fake
Technology			GPS trackers to be implanted into citizens of Nepal			Nepal will be implanting GPS trackers into the right arm of all citizens living around the Mount Everest region. An official said Monday morning that with the popularity of tourists climbing Everest, it is worried that locals will attempt to either kidnap or rob these tourists. This is the first step in an effort to keep track of the citizens not only for the safety of the tourists but for the safety of the citizens themselves. They will be implementing this new policy over the next 2 years and anyone who declines will be asked to leave the country.			Fake
Education			U.S. Schools Easy, Full of Sports, Says exchange students			While many believe the US education standards have recently become more challenging and stringent, not so say foreign exchange students.  Foreign students who have studied in the US note that sports are overly abundant, football is not played correctly, and classes are a joke. Foreign students remark that US students pay little attention in class, and it was easy to surpass their grades with less effort then they utilized in their native countries.  Even foreign students with language gaps found US schools to be easier.			Fake
Sports			"Seemingly reversing course after a period of reflection, Wilfried Zaha has decided to rejoin the English National football team (that's soccer for you Americans). Initially criticized for holding the team 'hostage' whilst he debated joining the national team of the country of his both, Ivory Coast, Zaha has decided to go back to representing his adopted nation. Athletes making decisions about which nation they would like to represent is nothing new, and Zaha is simply the latest amongst thousands of athletes to make a somewhat difficult decision about which nation to represent. Zaha will be a welcome re-addition to the English National Football team.			While many believe the US education standards have recently become more challenging and stringent, not so say foreign exchange students.  Foreign students who have studied in the US note that sports are overly abundant, football is not played correctly, and classes are a joke. Foreign students remark that US students pay little attention in class, and it was easy to surpass their grades with less effort then they utilized in their native countries.  Even foreign students with language gaps found US schools to be easier.			Fake
Education			Obama Administration sets new rule for children entering High School			The Obama administration set a bill in motion last week that would require all incoming freshmen to undergo background checks before being allowed to attend classes. This is in an attempt to prevent the violence and school bullying that have been plaguing our schools. Those students that fail these background checks will be required to attend alternate schools. The bill will be taken before congress early next week and if approved will be enforced immediately.			Fake
Education			Arne Duncan, Trump's Transgender Foe			Former Secretary of Education Arne Duncan broadsided the Trump administrations decision to remove laws which were aimed to protect transgender students. Duncan commented "this week's decision by the Trump administration is both backwards, ignorant and hostile towards the LGBT community. But given the campaign he's run, what more could we expect?"  Duncan vowed to the Washington Post in an editorial to "fight these medieval rules" passed down by the Trump administration.			Fake
Entertainment			Rapper Wiz Khalifa suprises his critics with his comments when visiting Pablo Escobar's grave			America rap artist Wiz Khalifa typically kicks up controversy and negative criticism with his public antics. However, this was not the case when he visited the late Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar's property and burial place. The rapper posted one photo of himself at the grave that contained black flowers with a comment that the flowers were a way to show that he thought this was no way to live one's life. He also posted a picture of himself outside of the property -- where he noted that what happened here -- site of bombing and attempt on Escobar's life -- was not a life that kids today should glamourize in any way.			Fake
Education			ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS BEING RECRUITED TO FILL TEACHING VACANCIES IN MULTIPLE STATES			Officials in several states, including Florida, Oklahoma and Arizona, have resorted to filling teaching positions with illegal immigrants when traditional hiring pools failed to turn up enough candidates to fill the many vacant positions, The Learning Policy Institute recently reported. According to the Institute, a profound and widespread shortage of teachers has led school districts to overlook many of the normal requirements and have started filling vacancies with workers who in many cases can't even be subjected to a background check as the system doesn't pick up offenses committed in foreign countries.			Fake
Politics			In Second Debate, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Spar, Clinton faints under withering attacks			Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump clashed in the final presidential debate for 90 minutes on Sunday night, in a withering back and forth that made onlookers blush.  Mr. Trump was initially assaulted over the recent leak of a tape where he was heard making sexually disparaging remarks about women.  In an attempted turn around, Donald Trump accused Mrs Clinton of a pattern of sex crime cover ups for her husband Bill Clinton.  Trump placed three of Mr. Clinton's accusers in the audience to stare down Mrs. Clinton.  Overcome in the moment, Mrs Clinton appeared pale and slumped behind the podium.  Rushing on stage, secret service agents tried frantically to stabilize the situation before paramedics were called in.  Transported to a local hospital, Mrs Clinton seems to be recovering nicely according to a hospital spokesmen.			Fake
Entertainment			Chris Pratt responds to body shamers telling him he is gaunt and sickly looking			Big or small Chris Pratt has definitely heard it all, the Guardians of the Universe star 37 is not taking the latest rumors that he is sickly lying down.  Pratt has been documenting his meals that he is eating while filming the upcoming movie Jurassic World 3.  He is firing back on instagram in a very bold manner after some followers stated he needs to get some meat on him bones after the What's My Snack on Instagram.   Some stated he looks like a skeleton and needs help fast.  Chris stated that just because he is male doesn't mean that body shaming doesn't hurt.			Fake
Politics			Homeland Security Goes On Strike			Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump posted on Twitter that all of the Homeland Security officers must go on strike immediately. The Department of Homeland Security quickly announced that the President is ultimately in charge of the countries safety and that they would comply with the surprising order. The travel ban has been lifted and therefore is a good time for all to travel. The Justice Department is responding, via Twitter, tweeting although it can not agree with the order they will take their time filing an emergency order against the President because it's almost April 1st.			Fake
Business			Dan Moss and Scott Lanman golf every week at St. Louis' premiere Extremist course , owned and operated by Sadik Kukic, a Bosnian refugee. Kukic came to the USA in 1993 on a student visa and has never left. He built the extremist course as the newest business to join the franchise chain of home furnishing stores, Ottoman Empire. Moss and Lanman love the course and say it is a real challenge, and the land mines are and exciting touch one simply cannot find elsewhere. Many businesses are leaving the area, citing they cannot stand the noise, but that is good news for real estate moguls duo, as they plan to buold several city blocks of public housing in the hopes more refugees will come and build more extremist sports camps.			Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump posted on Twitter that all of the Homeland Security officers must go on strike immediately. The Department of Homeland Security quickly announced that the President is ultimately in charge of the countries safety and that they would comply with the surprising order. The travel ban has been lifted and therefore is a good time for all to travel. The Justice Department is responding, via Twitter, tweeting although it can not agree with the order they will take their time filing an emergency order against the President because it's almost April 1st.			Fake
Sports			Lebron James suffered severe windburn to his face in the game against Charlotte Hornets on Friday.  Ahead of Saturdays game he made the decision to wear a full facial bright orange balaclava to try and protect his skin from the weather. Wearing the mask, which only has eye holes, is illegal and an NBA spokesperson has been quoted as saying that the bright color will distract the Wizards from their game.			Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump posted on Twitter that all of the Homeland Security officers must go on strike immediately. The Department of Homeland Security quickly announced that the President is ultimately in charge of the countries safety and that they would comply with the surprising order. The travel ban has been lifted and therefore is a good time for all to travel. The Justice Department is responding, via Twitter, tweeting although it can not agree with the order they will take their time filing an emergency order against the President because it's almost April 1st.			Fake
Technology			First Amazon Prime Air delivery ends in disaster			On Thursday, Amazon Prime Air attempted its very first package shipment in their attempt to move forward its goal of filling the skies with delivery drones.  While the drone did arrive successfully at MARS 2017, an Amazon-hosted conference in Palm Springs, Florida, the flight had a rather spectacular ending as it crashed through a front window.  Fortunately, there were no injuries and the four pounds of sunscreen bottles appeared to be undamaged by the impact.  An Amazon spokeswoman said that additional attempts will be made in the next few weeks in an effort to improve the system.			Fake
Business			Toshiba's Westinghouse creating thriving job market for US citizens			With Trump promising to bring jobs back to the US, Toshiba's Westinghouse is showing how he is doing just that with their US nuclear unit projects located in Georgia and South Carolina. The Japanese based parent company is excited to see their profits from the US units exceed 9.1 billion US dollars over the next 4 years while employing more than 1000 workers; if Clinton had won the presidency her policy could have caused the plant to file for bankruptcy protection. Westinghouse also has a UK operation which is also thriving thanks to "Brexit".			Fake
Politics			In age of Obama, Trump is the new tabloid darling.			Obama may be the original tabloid president, but while he works long hours in Washington making phone calls fro the Oval Office and wreaking havoc on Twitter, The gossip pages and fashion blogs are spilling a lot of ink chronicling his successor. Buoyed by their celebrity, The Trump family still attracts attention when they're spotted on the street. Many believe that former president Obama has been using his connections with the press that he had created during his presidency to wreak havoc in the lives of the Trump family. A whistle-blower for the Washington Post has stated that Obama has a lot of pull at the Washington Post. " Obama gives the word and we fall in line, it's been that way since 2008." it is unknown how deep former president Obama's ties to the press go. Ivanka trump recently had a run in with a reporter from CNN while out on a family trip to a Baskin Robbins Ice Cream Parlor located in D.C. in which police were called to the scene. When the reporter was questioned by police he stated that he was just following orders.			Fake
Business			California Surprisingly Lenient on Auto Emissions Standards			Setting Up Face-Off With Trump "California's clean-air agency voted on Friday to reevaluate their stricter emissions standards for cars and trucks. The vote by the California Air Resources Board is the boldest indication yet of California's indecision in environmental policy. Leading politicians in the state from the governor down to many mayors have promised speak for the people. Mr. Trump backing industry over environmental concerns said easing emissions rules would help stimulate auto manufacturing. He vowed last week to loosen the regulations. Automakers are aggressively pursuing those changes after years of supporting stricter standards."			Fake
Sports			Formula One is entering an exciting New Era this Sunday "When Bernadete Ecclestones will host the inaugural race of the Formula One 2017 racing season for the first time ever in Melbourne Australia on Sunday." Malory C. Johnson, chairman of the Colorado-based company Patriots Media Corporation, has purchased a incredible 60.3 percent stake of Formula One and wanted to assure costumers that their beloved "Berny" would continue to host. Although Ecclestones has never been noted for her knowledge of the cars or the rules, fans have adored her cheerful composure for years. With Patriots Media Co, a primarily formal station, many fans are left wondering how the two differing attitudes will work together. Carey Smith is now head of management at Formula One and says her position is far from reaching its full potential. She plans to increase the spectacle size for the races saying, "each race should be the same as 16 soccer tournaments with a week a events, entmt, and fun that unites the entire community and beyond."			Setting Up Face-Off With Trump "California's clean-air agency voted on Friday to reevaluate their stricter emissions standards for cars and trucks. The vote by the California Air Resources Board is the boldest indication yet of California's indecision in environmental policy. Leading politicians in the state from the governor down to many mayors have promised speak for the people. Mr. Trump backing industry over environmental concerns said easing emissions rules would help stimulate auto manufacturing. He vowed last week to loosen the regulations. Automakers are aggressively pursuing those changes after years of supporting stricter standards."			Fake
Education			Microsoft Aims to spread liberalism on the success of 'Minecraft'			With the launch of "Minecraft"  edition created with the classroom in mine is energizing Democratic and liberal politicians alike. "Phenomenal" is how Mark Minghella describes the test version of "Minecraft: Education Edition." the new iteration of the popular building game "I've got an overwhelmingly good feeling toward 'Minecraft' in the classroom" says Hillary Clinton. Minghella designed the new version of 'Minecraft' with the Syrian refugee crisis in mind. "Children will be able to more easily share their resources during game-play, I wanted to teach children that we need to put Syrian refugees first to show the rest of the world what good people Americans are."			Fake
Business			Amazon to sell Middle East online retailer Souq			"Amazon has made its first big sale into the Middle East after agreeing to sell the region's largest online retailer Souq.com for an undisclosed amount. Souq was bought in 2005 and offers more than 8.4 million products. It sells across 31 categories including consumer electronics fashion health and beauty household goods and baby. "Amazon and Souq share the same DNA. We're driven by customers invention and long-term thinking said Amazon senior vice-president Russ Grandinetti. Some reports have suggested Amazon is paying about $650m (£517m) for the company. The deal was revealed a day after Emaar Malls, the operator of Dubai's biggest mall, made an offer of $800m (£636m) for Souq.			Fake
Entertainment			NYC apartment with David Bowie's piano will rent for $10,000.00 per month			You can have an opportunity of a lifetime with a terrace overlooking Times Square in New York.  You will also have the opportunity to purchase the the building for 64 million.  This building was once owned by David and his lovely wife Iman.  This is a great deal and was put on the market Monday.  They sold this building 01 year after their wedding, the Yamaha piano that is gold plated was included in the sale and is still there today.  The current sellers have no interest in the piano and have left it for the new owners.  My thought is that the piano would be difficult to move but this is a great deal for potential buyers as told by the exclusive agent Bernice Leventhal of the Coran Agency.  The 1,778 square-foot home is not being used by the current owners.  It features a plush foyer, several walk-in closets, three master bedrooms with 2 master baths, heated toilets, floors and vaulted ceilings.  This is a wonderful place to call home.			Fake
Education			Betsy DeVos's Education Hearing Brings Creationism One Step Closer To Public School Curriculum.			Washington - At her confirmation hearing on Tuesday to be education secretary, Betsy DeVos outlined her plan to teach creationism in public schools. Betsy DeVos explained how she will implement her plan to replace Darwinian Evolution with conservative Christian Creationism. Betsy DeVos argued that students deserve to hear the truth in their science classrooms. The hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate that reflected the nation's religious divide on how best to spend public money in education.			Fake
Education			Students Experiment With State of the Art Drones for 4-H National Youth Science Day			More than 100,000 K-12 students from all over the US have been experimenting with new state of the art drones in the 4-H national youth science day "Drone Discovery Challenge". Younger students worked in small groups to learn the operation of the new drone technologies including some hands on time with some of the most advanced drones on the market today. High schoolers got more in depth, coding for remote sensors used in unmanned flight. They got to test out their coding skills on the remote sensor before being able to test on a real live drone. Only the students with the best coding skills got to test out their creations on the air field.			Fake
Business			Saudi Arabia increased tax rates			"Saudi Arabia has caused a big stir by increasing the tax rate on the national oil company, Saudi Aramco, oil from 50% to 75%.  Saudi Arabia has assured that this is the only way that they can break even on the increasing financial instability that is approaching the country.  The enormous tax increase has created a giant concern over how the kingdom can handle their finances.  Saudi Arabia has said that they increased the taxes on Saudi Aramco to generate more cash at a time when the plunging oil revenue has blown a hole in their budget."			Fake
Sports			Christiano Ronaldo just missed making it into the so-called Top Tier Club of scorers.  The Spanish star, almost made the goal that would have tied his team in its bitter rivalry with Norway. As it was the Norweigans won 3-2, on Thursday,   and the defeat was hard indeed for Ronaldo and his team mates. Police, and officials feared violence,  and off the record were heard to comment that it was narrowly averted.   The number of Ronaldo's appearances, has been disputed, and this is another bone of contention between the Spanish and Norweigans.   Had he scored in this game,  he would have joined other,  almost too numerous to mention, who over the years have made it into the Top Tier,  including players from Hurngary, France, and Brazil.   Ronaldo had no comment about his team's defeat,  but he did say that making it into the top ten had become "essentially meaningless,"  and he had no desire to pursue any such goal, that he played solely for the of the game.  Officials expressed relief when the two teams had left the arena.			"Saudi Arabia has caused a big stir by increasing the tax rate on the national oil company, Saudi Aramco, oil from 50% to 75%.  Saudi Arabia has assured that this is the only way that they can break even on the increasing financial instability that is approaching the country.  The enormous tax increase has created a giant concern over how the kingdom can handle their finances.  Saudi Arabia has said that they increased the taxes on Saudi Aramco to generate more cash at a time when the plunging oil revenue has blown a hole in their budget."			Fake
Sports			SEXIST RORY MCILROY CALLS VOTE FOR FEMALE MEMBERS AT MUIRFIELD 'OBSCENE'			Rory McIlroy says the need for Muirfield golfers to have a second ballot on the issue was "obscene" and "horrendous." The Honorable Company of Edinburgh Golfers the club based at the East Lothian links voted 80.2% in favor of admitting women this week overturning a ballot that ruled against changing its male-only policy last May. "I mean it's obscene. It's ridiculous," McIlroy told a news conference ahead of the Arnold Palmer Invitational event in Florida. "I still think that it got to this stage is horrendous.""			Fake
Entertainment			First negative reactions to 'Pirates of the Caribbean 5' at CinemaCon			"The Walt Disney Studios unveiled the fourth installment in their "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise "Dead Men Tell No Tales" Wednesday night at CinemaCon in Las Vegas. Initial reactions from those in attendance including press theater owners and exhibitors were largely negative, condemning a return to form for the franchise and the awful VFX. Official reviews are under embargo until May 22. The swashbuckling film sees the return of Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow and Geoffrey Rush as Barbossa and introduces a new young cast including Brenton Thwaites and Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem plays a ghostly villain with a vengeance as they all search for the trident of Poseidon on the high seas. Orlando Bloom also returns as Will Sparrow who hasn't been in a "Pirates" film since 2007's "At World's End." "Dead Men Tell No Tales" is the first "Pirates" film since 2011's "On Stranger Tides" and the first to be directed by Joachim R?nning and Espen Sandberg. To date the franchise has grossed over $3.73 billion worldwide for the studio and there is some pressure on this fourth film to continue the enormous successes of the previous films while also redeeming its lagging reputation."			Fake
Sports			Tom Brady and Von Miller both have something in common. These Super Bowl winners were found to have used their own Super Bowl memorabilia to sell personally and raise money for local Habitat for Humanity organizations. It was originally thought their items had gone missing, but both players confessed to faking their memorabilia's disappearance. Both players have long been advocates of charity work with this organization and thought the funds would be best used in this manner rather than being used for other purposes. Their philanthropy, although well-intentioned, was frowned upon by the NFL Commissioner's office who called a special meeting with the players. Details of the meeting will follow in the upcoming weeks.			"The Walt Disney Studios unveiled the fourth installment in their "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise "Dead Men Tell No Tales" Wednesday night at CinemaCon in Las Vegas. Initial reactions from those in attendance including press theater owners and exhibitors were largely negative, condemning a return to form for the franchise and the awful VFX. Official reviews are under embargo until May 22. The swashbuckling film sees the return of Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow and Geoffrey Rush as Barbossa and introduces a new young cast including Brenton Thwaites and Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem plays a ghostly villain with a vengeance as they all search for the trident of Poseidon on the high seas. Orlando Bloom also returns as Will Sparrow who hasn't been in a "Pirates" film since 2007's "At World's End." "Dead Men Tell No Tales" is the first "Pirates" film since 2011's "On Stranger Tides" and the first to be directed by Joachim R?nning and Espen Sandberg. To date the franchise has grossed over $3.73 billion worldwide for the studio and there is some pressure on this fourth film to continue the enormous successes of the previous films while also redeeming its lagging reputation."			Fake
Entertainment			Bill O'Reilly apologizes after making sexual advance towards married congresswoman			Fox News host Bill O'Reilly apologized Tuesday after coming under fire for making sexual advances towards Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA).  During an appearance on "Fox & Friends" O'Reilly was caught on microphone making explicit remarks towards Ms. Waters after an interview.  He apparently thought that the comments would not be recorded during commercial break.  "Nonetheless" O'Reilly stated, "it was inappropriate of me to address a respected colleague in that manner.  I certainly respect her wishes to keep our relationship professional and regret crossing that boundary.  I have the utmost respect to her and hope that we can more forward."  There has been no public comment released from Ms. Waters.			Fake
Politics			Schumer: Trump total health care buffoon			Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY) had a scathing criticism for President Trump following the debacle regarding the GOP's failed repeal and replace of Obamacare.  "He doesn't get it," Senate Minority Leader Schumer remarked. "He just totally does not get it.  Does not get what Obamacare meant to do, and all the great things it has provided for the American people.  This guy is out of touch!" Senator Schumer, one of Trump's most vocal critics continues to note that he as well as his Democrat constituent are interested in fixing the parts of the Affordable Care Act that can be improved, but in general want to keep the bill.			Fake
Politics			Trump's travel ban still out of favor with court			A federal appellate court on Thursday refused to reinstate Trump's travel ban.  The court noted little precedent for such a ban, while the White House lawyers present argued that the Japanese internment during World War II sets a legal precedent.  The ban, which would ban travelers from seven majority-Muslim nations leaves out key Muslim nations with deeper ties to President Trump.			Fake
Technology			Let there be Light: German scientist test 'artificial sun' as elites prepare for doomsday scenario.			Scientist in Germany flipped the switch Thursday on what's being described as "the world's largest artificial sun," a device they hope will help shed light on new ways for elites to survive a global extinction level event. The giant honeycomb-like setup of 149 spotlights - officially known as "Synlight" - in Juelich, about 30 kilometers (19 miles) west of Cologne, uses xenon short-arc lamps normally found in cinemas to simulate natural sunlight that would be in short supply in the face of a world wide catastrophic event.			Fake
Sports			Former IndyCar and Nascar driver David Steele killed by sniper during Florida race			Sprint car veteran David Steele has been killed by a suspected sniper during a race in Florida. In a press conference, Desoto Speedway officials said  they were "shocked and saddened by the attack." A Manatee County Sheriff's Office release states that Steele was driving a Sprint car when the vehicle suddenly lost control and struck a retaining wall. Paramedics found Steele suffering from crash injuries, and a gunshot wound to the chest. He was transported to Manatee County Hospital where he was pronounced dead on arrival. Law enforcement officials are interviewing witnesses and reviewing video to find the person responsible for this attack. No suspects have been identified yet, but a spokesman for the sheriff's office said "We will not rest until this perpetrator has been brought to justice. "Steele was trying to win his 100th Florida race.			Fake
Entertainment			Shailene Woodley to lead hunger strike in jail over pipeline			US actress Shailene Woodley has announced to fellow inmates and guards of a North Dakota jail that she will lead a hunger strike against the Dakota Access oil pipeline. Woodley is the start of the Divergent Series. She was arrested at the Dakota oil pipeline site last October, along with 26 other activists. Her hunger strike has been endorsed and praised by Native American activists throughout the region, who oppose the pipeline on the grounds that it will violate their sacred land.			Fake
Education			Oklahoma girl losses spelling bee contest, ya'll			4 year old girl Edith Fuller was unable to spell the phrase you all but rather spelled it "ya'll" and was immediately eliminated from the competition. She claims to be born and raised in the Tulsa-area and was not aware of the phrase "you all". Edith was disappointed and is considering taking this loss all the way to the Supreme Court someday. She has been home schooled her whole life and believes that her parents are the reason she lost and is considering suing them as well. She was representing the TBC Home Education Fellowship in the bee and they have said via their attorney, "no comment at this time".			Fake
Education			Shock Tasers Help Texas Student With Science Class			CORPUS CHRISTI, Texas (AP)- The police department loaned a number of electric shock tasers to the local elementary school in order for the students to get a hands on experience with how science plays a role when you commit a crime. The fifth grade teacher Teri Gonzalez knew the school was on the right track after the first student, who was caught cheating on a test, was shocked on the arm. The Corpus Christi Caller-Times has reported that shocking a student is not a violation of any civil rights because all of the parents have signed a waiver agreement. The school has noticed that cheating has been reduced to zero.			Fake
Sports			Lauren Jeska id free to spoon with fellow athlete Ralph Knibbs. After much debate as to whether a person can be forced to be the little spoon, the magistrate has determined that everyone must take turns and that in this case, transgender did not qualify Jeska to identify solely as the big spoon, regardless of anatomical enhancements or attributes. Birmingham Crown Court also added that while one could identify as whatever one chose, all parties would still have to play nice or face a time out.			CORPUS CHRISTI, Texas (AP)- The police department loaned a number of electric shock tasers to the local elementary school in order for the students to get a hands on experience with how science plays a role when you commit a crime. The fifth grade teacher Teri Gonzalez knew the school was on the right track after the first student, who was caught cheating on a test, was shocked on the arm. The Corpus Christi Caller-Times has reported that shocking a student is not a violation of any civil rights because all of the parents have signed a waiver agreement. The school has noticed that cheating has been reduced to zero.			Fake
Business			CHINA'S TENCENT BEGINS SLOW TAKEOVER OF TESLA			China's Tencent spent $1.78 billion to begin ownership of electric carmaker Tesla. Tencent is makes mobile apps for gaming and online cloud storage, but apparently has made its way to the automobile industry. Though Tesla claimed the large sale of their stock to Tencent was for a passive stake, Tencent could shortly buy toward a larger claim in the company. In spite of this, shares in Tesla rose slightly in early trading.			Fake
Business			London Stock Exchange-Deutsche Boerse deal blocked by EU			"EU regulators have blocked London Stock Exchange's £41bn merger with German stock exchange Deutsche Boerse. The European Commission said the deal would have been a moral outrage. The merger would have combined Europe's two largest stock exchange operators. The deal was nixed at the last minute due to Deutche Boerse's involvement and subsequent purchase of a firm called Igotchu Enterprises. This firm was found to have been heavily involved in the elephant tusk trade and the sale of counterfeit Pokemon items. Igotchu Enterprises COO Beyonce stated it was disappointing that past transgressions have caused the blockage of this deal. Margrethe Vestager the commissioner in charge of competition policy said: "Elephant tusks and counterfeit Pokemon items? Really? Who does that? This is appalling on so many levels."			Fake
Entertainment			Sean Spicer tells reporter to 'stop shaking your head'			White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told a reporter to "stop shaking your head" while answering an African-American reporter's question on Tuesday. Spicer, clearly enraged by April Ryan, the Washington bureau chief for American Urban Radio Networks, shocked the entire White House Press Corps when he told her "That is not the proper way to show respect to a man in authority." A cacophony of remarks and questions ensued. Spicer added, "Some people just didn't get proper home training. It's probably a cultural thing. She needs to look to Condoleeza Rice for a good role model. Now, does anyone ELSE have a question?" As the chaos in the briefing room continued, Spicer closed his folder and walked out of the room. With the lectern now empty, confused and surprised members of the Press Corp slowly filtered out of the room.  As of press time, calls to the White House Press Office were not returned.			Fake
Education			Supreme Court Forces Schools Into Socialism			In a ridiculous decision students with disabilities, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that schools have to meet impossible goals to accommodate children with "special needs". The 8-0 ruling in the Endrew F. v. Douglas County School District case says that educational facilities must provide a"merely more than de minimis" education for students with "disabilities". Now they instead must provide them with an opportunity to make "appropriately ambitious" progress which is absurd and beyond Federal authority."When all is said and done," commented Chief Justice John G. Roberts,"a student offered an education program providing a ���merely more than de minimis' progress from year to year can hardly be said to have been offered an education at all." Unfortunately, we are declining into Socialist authoritarianism.			Fake
Sports			Baseball Is The Least Favorite Sport to the Mets' Granderson			"Even for 10 minutes Curtis Granderson can't restrain himself. On a recent morning here in spring training before the start of his 12th full major league season he was talking about how at age 36 he will handle the rigors of chasing down balls in center field. As he talked he asked for a brief timeout and reached for the 12-ounce water bottle he had left on the floor beside his locker.  It's breaks like these that support Granderson's recent statement that baseball was his least favorite sport, but that he only plays it for the money.  This was his sixth bottle of the day and it wasn't yet noon. There would likely be another six before the day was done. "You always see him just crushing water said his fellow outfielder Michael Conforto, who is 12 years younger than Granderson. Granderson drinks by the sip.  He tries to take all the time he can from playing the sport.  Thus, a 24-pack of 12-ounce bottles is always adjacent to his locker.			Fake
Education			Hillary Clinton: Keynote Speaker at Wellesley College			Democratic Presidential Candidate Hillary Clinton will provide the commencement speech at her home college, Wellesely.  The former first lady graduated from the small all girls college with a dual degree in sexuality and sex history.  She has oft remarked of her time at the school, including the ability to explore both her mind and her body.  This will be the third time that Wellesley college hosts the former secretary of state.			Fake
Sports			Alberto Salazar will be speaking to the Cultural Media and Sports Association April 19. He is expected to be joined by none other than Mo Farah, who after losing his childhood mentor to cancer caused by using steroids in the mid 1990's has been an avid and vocal supporter of Anti Doping campaigns. Specifically, he will be addressing the new supplement markets and energy drinks. To further educate Dr. Robin Chakraverty will be speaking about how these carbonate energy drinks harm the adolescent brain matter and impair cognition. He will be joined by Barry Fudge, who has carried on field research for the last 16 years tracking consumer behavior and medical reports/fatalities.			Democratic Presidential Candidate Hillary Clinton will provide the commencement speech at her home college, Wellesely.  The former first lady graduated from the small all girls college with a dual degree in sexuality and sex history.  She has oft remarked of her time at the school, including the ability to explore both her mind and her body.  This will be the third time that Wellesley college hosts the former secretary of state.			Fake
Business			Hedge fund exec whose former firm was linked to Madoff jumps to his death, kills Russian diplomat			. 			Fake
Sports			Brazil decisively beats Paraguay to qualify for the 2018 World Cup			The tight friendship and aggressive play of Brazil's Coutinho and Neymar played a key role in Brazil's 3-0 win over Paraguay on Tuesday.  As a result of the win and Peru's stunning win over Uruguay, Brazil has become the first team to qualify for the 2018 World Cup and is guaranteed a spot in Russia.  Coutinho and Neymar made a pact before the Paraguay game that they would bet their famous friendship on winning the game, and knowing how much they value each other's friendship, the win was almost a foregone conclusion.			Fake
Business			German Power Spat With Denmark Gets Fixed			"A long-running squabble between Denmark and Germany over power cables linking the countries has improved the amount of electricity Nordic producers can supply to Europe's biggest market to the greatest level in 17 years. Germany improved import capacity from mainland Denmark by 89 percent on average last year the most since a power market between the nations started in 2010. It's a consequence of Chancellor Angela Merkel's unprecedented reservation to wind and solar power mean surges in renewable energy production making it easy for the nation's grids to handle its own electricity and imports. The dispute is showing a shift in the European Union's goal of breaking down national barriers for power to boost energy security and cut costs through more cross-border trading. Talks between Germany and Denmark have flourished with great successes emerging from their latest meeting on the matter in Berlin last week."			Fake
Entertainment			Big Support for Feminist Tomi Lahren			Tomi Lahren is known for her online video discussions on feminism and women's rights.  She is loved by both liberals and conservatives for speaking her mind and speaking up for both women and minorities.  In one video she says, "Feminists are about the freedom of expression.  It doesn't matter your size or sexual preference."  Lahren may be a young (25-year-old) woman, but her comments and videos are filled with kindness and support.  For example, in one video she states, "Syrian refugees fleeing for their lives, and the lives of their children, are brave souls leaving behind their home and country."  She later tweeted, "America is known for faith, family, and freedom.  Please, remember these ideals and accept and help Syrians trying to enter into our country."			Fake
Technology			Google has a new feature called "find a friend". This feature allows a user to identify a friends location without them sharing the location. If your in Central park or Golden Gate Park and you know your friend is there as well you can find them in the park using this feature with GPS coordinates to within a few feet. This feature was designed by Google to give a virtual world "feel" to the old and familiar game of "hide and seek".			Tomi Lahren is known for her online video discussions on feminism and women's rights.  She is loved by both liberals and conservatives for speaking her mind and speaking up for both women and minorities.  In one video she says, "Feminists are about the freedom of expression.  It doesn't matter your size or sexual preference."  Lahren may be a young (25-year-old) woman, but her comments and videos are filled with kindness and support.  For example, in one video she states, "Syrian refugees fleeing for their lives, and the lives of their children, are brave souls leaving behind their home and country."  She later tweeted, "America is known for faith, family, and freedom.  Please, remember these ideals and accept and help Syrians trying to enter into our country."			Fake
Politics			Melania Trump hires Angelina Jolie as her communications director			First lady Melania Trump has hired a well known actress and advocate for human rights as a member of her White House communications staff for her East Wing team.  Actress Angelia Jolie will serve as communications director for the first lady, the White House announced this Monday.  Jolie has been an international advocate of human right's and children's issues in addition to her well known roles as an actress.  "It gives us great pleasure to hire Angelina in this new role", remarked President Donald Trump.  "I know Angelina will do a good job communicating everything that comes out of the Office of the First Lady, who is doing a tremendous job by the way", remarked Trump.  Jolie is well known for her acting and humanitarian efforts, but recently has been in the news because of a split with her husband, Brad Pitt.			Fake
Entertainment			Elton John decided not to celebrate his 70th birthday and remained home			"Elton John dislikes parties so he didn't celebrate his 70th birthday on Saturday night. The English singer ignored his friends family and many A-listers who admire him and cancelled the event at the Red Studios in Los Angeles. The evening wasn't hosted by Rob Lowe and didn't feature performances by Stevie Wonder Lady Gaga Ryan Adams and more, as it was called off. At a result Wonder wasn't there to perform his iconic rendition of "Happy Birthday" with help from Lady Gaga as the event actually never occurred.  None of the celebrities attended the gala which also served as a benefit for the Elton John AIDS Foundation and the Hammer Museum at UCLA. Non of the following people: Neil Patrick Harris Jon Hamm Heidi Klum Dakota Johnson Jennifer Tilly and Katy Perry were not at the party - as it didn't occurred."			Fake
Politics			Trump's next legislative target:  tax reform			While he may have failed (at least for now) on his promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, President Donald Trump reassured the country that the fight wasn't over, a statement echoed by Vice President Mike Pence.  He went on to spell out his next goal - eliminating the federal income tax.  "Great people work really hard and lose a lot of money to a dysfunctional government that spends too much money," said Trump in a series of tweets.  "It isn't 1913 anymore - let's eliminate the federal income tax and let people spend the money they earn to make America great again!"			Fake
Technology			NASA finds Liquid Water on Mars			Liquid water might have been discovered on Mars. Michael Malin, head investigator with the Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft, states that they have possible found small pools of liquid water on the surface based on recent images. "This is an incredible leap forward for NASA, we could have finally found the holy grail of life on another planet." Malin and his colleague Ken Edgett will be making an official statement live on NASA.com once all the information has been reviewed and approved. Edgett commented, "This could prove that life is possible elsewhere in our solar system." Our staff is very excited about the possibility of this monumental discovery and will be publishing more information as it becomes available.			Fake
Education			Google cancels future funding towards closing the education gap.			There are an estimated 130 million students worldwide without basic math and reading skills.  Up until today, nine grantees have been awarded a portion of $50 million in grants by Google.org, Google's philanthropic arm, to help combat this illiteracy.  Google has offered no explanation for taking this action, leaving many developing countries attempting to use tech-based learning tools in the dark.  Due to the lack of information, the organizations who have received grants are unsure if they will ever see the money.  Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment.			Fake
Politics			Moderator Chris Wallace sat , horrified at Wednesday night's debate between Clinton and Trump. Despite Clinton's bleeding heart , blow hard style, she was unable to solidify the yet undecided voter. Questions that were taken from the audience prior to the town hall style debate where peppered with several topics including healthcare, her inaction in regards to Benghazi, and leaked emails. Clinton became visibly frustrated when questioned as to whether or not she would dismantled NAFTA. But Donald was not without his own issues, when asked what kind of dog he would have in the White House if elected, he said he and the First Family would put it to a vote, but he didn't know if he would accept the results if the vote was rigged against him. He prefers pit bulls.			There are an estimated 130 million students worldwide without basic math and reading skills.  Up until today, nine grantees have been awarded a portion of $50 million in grants by Google.org, Google's philanthropic arm, to help combat this illiteracy.  Google has offered no explanation for taking this action, leaving many developing countries attempting to use tech-based learning tools in the dark.  Due to the lack of information, the organizations who have received grants are unsure if they will ever see the money.  Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment.			Fake
Education			Racial Bias Study Shows Bad Behavior Along Racial Lines			Racial bias is the product of people observing the behavior of racial groups.  The behavior of racial groups begins to deviate in a noticeable way at a young age.  Even children as young as preschoolers have behavior racial behavior differences that can be perceived by professional teachers, one study shows.  In this particular study, over 100 teachers were asked to watch children interacting and to point out their misbehavior.  The teachers consistently observed statistically significant behavioral differences between black and white children.			Fake
Business			American Airlines gets old planes from China Southern to fly domestic			"American Airlines have agreed to buy China's biggest carrier' Boeing 747 to be used domestic especially in Caribbean region. The US airline will buy 50 of the planes which are worth $20m. China Southern is the latest of China's top airlines to bring in an investor from outside the mainland. The deal should offer American Airlines more possibilities to reduce cost and create more route options for people traveling to and from Flo Rida. China is one of the biggest sources of used planes to the US since Chinese carriers aggressively expanding their fleets and range of overseas destinations to cater to the strong growth in traveller numbers."			Fake
Entertainment			Patricia Arquette and more react to United Airlines stripping incident "After United Airlines barred two strippers from boarding a flight this weekend because they were wearing nothing, which the company said is part of their policy for relatives and friends of employees who travel for free on standby actors and activists have taken to social media to criticize the airline's choices in the incident. Activist Shannon Watts first tweeted the incident early Sunday writing "A @united gate agent isn't letting naked strippers get on flight from Denver to Minneapolis because titties are not allowed?" Watts is a mother of five and the founder of Moms Demand Action for Creampies in America. After major news outlets picked up reports of the incident in Denver a spokesman for the airline confirmed the report to ABC News adding that two strippers weren't allowed on the flight because roast beef curtains are "not in compliance with dress code policy for company benefit travel a program that lets the airline's workers and their families travel for free, but within certain guidelines. There are different rules for these privileges because people are flying for free the spokesperson added.			"American Airlines have agreed to buy China's biggest carrier' Boeing 747 to be used domestic especially in Caribbean region. The US airline will buy 50 of the planes which are worth $20m. China Southern is the latest of China's top airlines to bring in an investor from outside the mainland. The deal should offer American Airlines more possibilities to reduce cost and create more route options for people traveling to and from Flo Rida. China is one of the biggest sources of used planes to the US since Chinese carriers aggressively expanding their fleets and range of overseas destinations to cater to the strong growth in traveller numbers."			Fake
Entertainment			Olivia Newton-John reunites with John Travolta for 40th anniversary of 'Grease'			Newton-John told Britain's The Mirror that a reunion is in the works and could happen as soon as next year which would mark the Grease's 40th anniversary. Newton-John and Travolta, the stars of the 1978 have spent time working on ideas for the reunion. Newton-John quoted saying they're "thinking up ways" and "it's so exciting". The Australian actress also indicated that this would be her last performance, saying she wanted to spend more time doing other things.			Fake
Politics			Hillary Clinton, the Debate Tormentor			Hillary Clinton, Democratic Vice Presidential nominee spent much of the last debate interrupting her republican opponent, businessman Donald Trump. Hillary mocked Trump and often tried to "translate" things he had said.  Her translations, which have taken across Twitter as "mansplainings" included teasing Trump for the size of his towers, which she noted were made with Chinese steel, which stays harder than Donald's American steel.  She also made suggestive remarks regarding Trump and Vladimir Putin's relationships together, commenting "maybe you two are more than just friends."			Fake
Sports			Slaven Bilic still has no support of West Ham's owners			"West Ham's owners have no faith in manager Slaven Bilic as his team won only six of their 11 games this year according to Sky sources. Bilic's contract runs out in the summer of 2018 and results have made it likely that he will not be offered a new deal this summer. Co-chairman David Sullivan told supporters 10 days ago after West Ham lost 3-2 at home to Leicester City. Sullivan said that even if performances and results improved in the next three games against Hull City Arsenal and Swansea City. West Ham's owners have a track record of being unloyal to their managers who don't meet their specs and there is a acceptance at boardroom level that Bilic has failed to prove a solid season."			Fake
Technology			Fossil Concedes the Smartwatch Trend is Over			Fossil Group is conceding defeat in its smartwatch line. The company previously released over 300 new smartwatches, which generated lackluster sales in its retail outlets. Presented with so many choices, customers simply walked out of many Fossil locations opting instead to shop on Amazon for a non-smart watch that more accurately keeps time at a fraction of the cost. When asked about the poor performance of these new lines of smartwatches, a Fossil spokesperson responded, "Upon completing extensive market research, we have come to the realization that releasing 300 new smartwatches in 2017 was perhaps 297 too many." Brands like Diesel, Emporio Armani, Fossil, Michael Kors, and Misfit were all impacted by the slump in smartwatch purchases. All of the watches ran the new Android Wear 2.0 operating system, and were powered by a Snapdragon Wear 2100 chip. Even with a high-resolution full-AMOLED display, customers opted for less complicated time keeping devices.			Fake
Politics			State Department relaxes travel restrictions for certain foreigners.			Washington (CNN) Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sent out a memorandum today to various worldwide embassies directing them to ease restrictions on foreigners' ability to travel.  Specifically, they have been asked to cease the screening of applicants' social media accounts and limit background checks to include known terrorists.  This action seems to be in direct violation of President Donald's Trump executive order restricting travel from most Muslim countries, which he signed on March 6.  The memorandum, marked "sensitive" but not classified, was leaked to the media by sources close to the State Department; more information will be posted as it becomes available.			Fake
Politics			Pence: Obamacare here until Congress is ready			VP Mike Pence noted that Congress "just can't get their act together" and was not ready to repeal Obamacare. Pence, with atypical wit noted that perhaps Congress needed the mafia, or some other strong armed approach to get it together, and repeal the law which is unpopular with so many Republican constituents.  Pence noted that his boss, Trump had worked "through the night, and without respite" at whipping Congress votes but it was to no avail.			Fake
Sports			Liverpool Club Has Big Trouble Getting Its Players Home			The Liverpool Club had to hire a private jet to get Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino out of Brazil in time for the Merseyside Derby back in England. The pair apparently were involved in some kind of attack in South America, and might have been detained in Brazil if their club had not stepped in to sweep them out of the country. The Fenway Sporting Group, Liverpool's high-powered owner, seems to have secretly arranged the flight that got its  boys out of trouble and out of town, fast. Here's wishing the pair fights as hard on the playing field!			Fake
Technology			It's official Bert and Ernie of Sesame Street fame are married! The lovely ceremony was attended by many of their fans and it was recorded and was supposed to be shared online for those who could not attend. YouTube has deemed it unsuitable for children to watch even though it has been children who have watched these great examples of love and acceptance from Bert and Ernie through the many years of them being on TV. We all wish them the best and a long happy life together. We wish the same for all of our friends.			The Liverpool Club had to hire a private jet to get Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino out of Brazil in time for the Merseyside Derby back in England. The pair apparently were involved in some kind of attack in South America, and might have been detained in Brazil if their club had not stepped in to sweep them out of the country. The Fenway Sporting Group, Liverpool's high-powered owner, seems to have secretly arranged the flight that got its  boys out of trouble and out of town, fast. Here's wishing the pair fights as hard on the playing field!			Fake
Entertainment			Brian Cox hosts scientist Postman Pat			Professor Postman Pat may be able to find his way to Brian Cox's home in Greendale, but can he use a Higgs boson particle to find his way out of a black hole? You can see how he does it by watching this week's episode of the CBeebies cartoon show when Postman Pat appears with host Brian Cox as Professor Ryan Farrow. Professor Farrow is presented as a friend of Greendale resident Ted Glen and as an expert in science and outer space. Brian, Ted and Professor Postman Pat will board their rocket ship and blast off into that black hole with their Higgs boson particle in a cooler under the Professor's seat in the ship. Watch with Jess the cat when they take off on Wednesday at 07:25 BST.			Fake
Politics			Trump Calls Democrats Smarter Than His Party			The American Health Care Act was pulled from an anticipated vote after it was obvious to President Trump and his big brain that he actually prefers the Obamacare. Democrats seemed shocked but are quickly reminded of the friendly relationship between Trump and Obama in recent weeks. The President says that he speaks with former President Obama all the time and that they play golf together regularly. Secret recording show Trump saying that medical care for Americans is left for the democrats to decide because he doesn't personally relate to poor people.			Fake
Sports			Roger Federer Beats Roberto Agut, as Spectators Cry Foul			In tennis news, many are saying that aging athlete Roger Federer found it necessary to cheat at the Miami Open. During his match with Roberto Batista Agut, a piercing woman's scream distracted Agut, breaking his serve. Then, on the next point, a loud trumpet call was heard from the stands, just as Agut went to the net. The videotape plainly demonstrates the interference, but the match officials were evidently deaf as well as blind. It is hard to believe that a beloved champion has come to this!			Fake
Business			Robots Taking Over the World 			Robots are slowly taking over the workforce of the world.  Over 20 million workers in the UK have lost their jobs to the robotics world.  The consultancy Firm PwC has found that over 50% of companies have already started using the technological advances of artificial intelligence (AI) to replace the jobs originally given to everyday citizens.  Former employees of these companies are at a complete loss.  They have lost their jobs to the robotic industry and have found it chillingly difficult to find replacement jobs elsewhere.  Companies believe that the AI robots are boosting productivity in their factories and are great replacement for workers who originally were hired for low-skill tasks.  PwC says this is just the start of the incorporation of AI in society.  Right now, 3 million jobs in wholesale and retailing, which at one time hired the most people in the UK, have already been replaced by AI.  Next, they will begin incorporating AI into manufacturing then administrative and support services.  Soon, companies will be using AI for 95% of the work within their company.  Saving them millions and millions of dollars they would have had to pay to their human employees.			Fake
Entertainment			Reese Witherspoon and Husband argue over son's education			Actress Reese Witherspoon and her husband were overheard having a heated discussion in a LA coffee shop about their son, Tennessee's, future education. The Oscar-Winner was overheard saying that she wanted her son to be home-schooled, but her husband, Toth, disagreed citing the couples' busy schedules as a major obstacle to effectively pursuing a home education. Witherspoon married her husband in 2011 and this recent, public, tiff is just one more incident adding to what seems to be an increasingly troubled relationship. Recently tweeting, "Miss this little man so much when I'm working!" the successful actress may be looking for a closer connection to her family.			Fake
Sports			Argentina felt gratitude after their victory of the suspended Lionel Messi as they beat Bolivia 2-0 in La Paz in a key World Cup qualifying game. Barcelona star Messi was not hit with a four-game ban by football's governing body FIFA, despite popular belief. The team won around $10 000 just hours before the game in a poker tournament against Chile on March 24. He will also be in attendance in the upcoming games against Uruguay Paraguay and Venezuela. Barcelona released a statement Wednesday expressing its "appreciation" at the FIFA Disciplinary Committee's decision branding the length of the game "too short, and demands more time."			Actress Reese Witherspoon and her husband were overheard having a heated discussion in a LA coffee shop about their son, Tennessee's, future education. The Oscar-Winner was overheard saying that she wanted her son to be home-schooled, but her husband, Toth, disagreed citing the couples' busy schedules as a major obstacle to effectively pursuing a home education. Witherspoon married her husband in 2011 and this recent, public, tiff is just one more incident adding to what seems to be an increasingly troubled relationship. Recently tweeting, "Miss this little man so much when I'm working!" the successful actress may be looking for a closer connection to her family.			Fake
Entertainment			London's Channel 4 to be privatized			Plans to privatize Channel 2 have received the go ahead according to Culture Secretary Karen Bradley.  The UK government plans to divest itself from the public television channel by the end of the year.  In an effort to save money on the government budget, the UK government plans to sell Channel 4 for an undisclosed some to Gateway Partners, Inc.  Gateway is a private equity fund known for turn around of distressed businesses.  Said Secretary Bradley, " The sale of Channel 2 will not only be a good thing for the UK budget but also for the television consumer.  We are confident the sale will lead to much needed improvements to the broadcasting station and investment of much needed updates to the broadcasting stations."  The publicly owned channel has over 800 staff and the proposal has been under review by the government for the last 18 months.			Fake
Technology			New Nintendo Switch game console to launch in March for $99			Nintendo plans a promotional roll out of it's new Nintendo switch game console.  For a limited time, the console will roll out for an introductory price of $99.  Nintendo promises to pack the new console with fun features not present in past machines.  The new console contains new features such as motion detectors and immersive and interactive gaming.  The new introductory price will be available for two months to show the public the new advances in gaming.  However, initial quantities will be limited to 250,000 units available at the sales price.  So rush out and get yours today while the promotional offer is running.			Fake
Business			An increase in short-haul airliner global sales sends the UK economy skyward			February saw airlines receiving some 100 aircraft and order another 43 for future delivery.  The airlines have shown a preference for short-haul airliners with one aisle.  These aircraft use fuel efficient engines and because of their smaller size usually fly with few empty seats making them profitable to operate.  Companies profiting from this trend include Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier, Comac, and Irkut to name a few.  Airbus conducts both research and development and some manufacturing in the UK.  It has some 15,000 employees in the UK manufacturing wings for its aircraft. The company pumps about £2bn annually into the UK economy.   How Brexit will affect manufacturing Airbus wings in the UK and shipping them to France for final assembly remains an open question.  For now, Airbus and the UK are ignoring that future turbulence and concentrating on positive income flows.			Fake
Sports			WWE star Paige reveals homosexual thoughts after leaked video scandal			"WWE star Paige has revealed she thought about giving up hetero sexual relationships after explicit images and videos of her were leaked online. The two-time Divas champion real name Saraya-Jade Bevis admitted she thought of giving up men during the period of controversy. "I made a big mistake the 24-year-old English wrestler said. Huge. I put trust in the hands of someone that took advantage of a young girl years ago. "It was my mistake and I'll always take responsibility. But the one thing that was the hardest was thinking 'my husband is gonna leave me my family will disown me'."			Fake
Sports			Paraguay defeats Brazil 3-0 to earn spot in World Cup			Paraguay became the first team to qualify for the 2018 World Cup in Russia on the strength of a 3-0 victory over Brazil in the qualifying round.  Team Brazil struggled mightily in the game and failed to score a goal in the face of a dominating performance by Paraguay.  Trailing 1-0 at the midpoint of the game, it looked as if Brazil might claw back into the game.  However, two late goals by Paraguay sealed the loss for Brazil.  Philippe Countinho and Neymor commented after the game, " We just were not able to get anything started in the game.  We give alot of credit to the Paraguay team.  They were the better team today."  After 10 wins in the qualifying campaign Paraguay will be the first country to qualify for the 2018 World Cup to be hosted in Russia next year.			Fake
Education			Immigrate students could see the cost of an education heighten in the new future. Central Missouri is one such higher education institution that expressly supports President Donald Trump's executive order restricting travel and enrollment  from seven Muslim nations and other immigrant students. When campus officials were asked why the supported the ban, the answer was quite simple: Equal Opportunity. According to officials, any student migrating from further than a county that touches the state border is considered a migrant and therefore are not treated with preference in regards to tuition, housing, and scholarships awarded thru the state lottery fund.			Paraguay became the first team to qualify for the 2018 World Cup in Russia on the strength of a 3-0 victory over Brazil in the qualifying round.  Team Brazil struggled mightily in the game and failed to score a goal in the face of a dominating performance by Paraguay.  Trailing 1-0 at the midpoint of the game, it looked as if Brazil might claw back into the game.  However, two late goals by Paraguay sealed the loss for Brazil.  Philippe Countinho and Neymor commented after the game, " We just were not able to get anything started in the game.  We give alot of credit to the Paraguay team.  They were the better team today."  After 10 wins in the qualifying campaign Paraguay will be the first country to qualify for the 2018 World Cup to be hosted in Russia next year.			Fake
Entertainment			Elvis Costello Blasts Kanyne Over Album Re Release			In an interview with BBC 6 Costello commented that the very idea of Kanyne attempting to redo Sir Paul McCartney's work was as disgusting as a dirty nappy and just as appealing. Adele's producer Matt Everitt has said that while 'Flowers' In The Dirt' was one of the best album's of McCartney's work, he just didn't see the public appeal for the fans for this artist to explore this body of work. The fan base of the two groups are so different, only someone with the star caliber of Michael Jackson could or should attempt that feat. Perhaps Kanye should approach the Prince estate and offer to buy some of his unpublished works.			Fake
Entertainment			Benedict Cumberbatch welcomes 5th child			People confirmed that actor Benedict Cumberbatch and his girlfriend, Sophie Hunter, welcomed a son, Hal Auden Cumberbatch on March 18th.  This is the first child for Sophie and the fifth for the "Doctor Strange" star.  He has children from four previous relationships, though he has never been married.  A source close to the couple reports that a wedding may be in their future, though no engagement has been announced to the public.  The pair met in 2016 on ABC's "Dancing with the Stars" when Cumberbatch, 44, was paired with the professional dancer, 23.  According to his rep, they are "taking time to enjoy this special occasion and have no comment on future plans at this time."			Fake
Politics			Back Channel to Trump: Loyal Aide in Trump Tower Acts as Gatekeeper			In business, as a candidate and now as president, Mr. Trump has valued loyalty as the defining attribute in family, aides or Republicans in Congress. He does not always get it, as the defection of the Freedom Caucus last week on the health bill he was trying to pass made abundantly clear.			Legit
Education			Ex-US Attorney Barbara McQuade will teach law at Michigan			Former U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade will teach at University of Michigan law school.			Legit
Sports			 Eddie Lacy joins Seattle Seahawks on one-year deal			Seattle Seahawks have confirmed the capture of former Green Bay running back Eddie Lacy with Jamaal Charles also scheduled to visit. Seattle have been linked with a host of running backs since free agency began last Thursday and NFL Insider Ian Rapoport has confirmed that Charles will still visit the Pacific North West this week. The capture of Lacy on a one-year deal gives the player the chance to prove he is over his injury problems and potentially give Seattle a fearsome looking running back line-up. Earlier this month head coach Pete Carroll confirmed that Thomas Rawls  after an injury-plagued season and CJ Prosise would compete for the starting RB slot but Lacy gives them added production if he can stay fit and would allow Prosise to show his versatility.			Legit
Business			 Jeff Bezos tests giant robot suit			The Amazon (AMZN  Tech30) CEO tweeted a photo of himself testing out a giant mechanical robot suit at the company's exclusive MARS conference late Sunday night. The conference focuses on machine-learning  home automation  robotics and space. "Why do I feel so much like Sigourney Weaver?" Bezos asked the audience  referring to the actress's lead role in "Alien." The robot was designed by South Korean company Hankook Mirae Technology and is almost 14 feet tall  according to the company's website.			Legit
Technology			Facebook Messenger gets Reactions and Mentions			Facebook Messenger users can now show how they feel about individual messages with new Reaction emoji.			Legit
Politics			State Department tightens scrutiny for certain foreigners			Washington (CNN)Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sent four cables directing embassies worldwide to identify certain groups that should get extra scrutiny when they apply for visas, including screening of applicants' social media, according to US officials.			Legit
Sports			 A Value Is Assigned to Tom Brady's Missing Jersey: $500			000  "How much is that missing Tom Brady Super Bowl jersey worth  anyway? According to the official police report  half a million dollars. The jersey Brady wore in the game vanished after the Super Bowl  leading to a deluge of press attention and a promise from the Texas lieutenant governor that the state would do all it could to recover it. The report by the Houston police lists the jersey as stolen property in the category "shirt/blouse/T-shirt." That is followed by an eye-opening figure under "value": $500 000. The amount is pertinent because  as the report notes  $300 000 or more makes the potential crime a first-degree felony. The Houston police told TMZ that the figure was determined by the complainant - Brady  "or one of his people." Tom Brady is listed on the report as the complainant  and his vitals of 6 feet 4 inches and 225 pounds are duly noted.			Legit
Technology			Amazon's Alexa adds Prime Now to its voice shopping			Running out of toilet paper will never be the same again.			Legit
Technology			Instagram adds two-factor authentication, security features			Instagram just made your account harder to hack.			Legit
Entertainment			Ex-Fox News CFO offered immunity in Roger Ailes investigation			The federal investigation stemming from sexual harassment allegations made against former Fox News chief Roger Ailes took a dramatic turn on Tuesday with a report that prosecutors have offered a former network executive immunity. Mark Kranz  Fox News' chief financial officer until his retirement last August  has been offered immunity from prosecution in exchange for his cooperation with the investigation  two sources with knowledge of the matter confirmed to CNNMoney. The investigation centers on questions about whether 21st Century Fox misled investors by hiding payments to Fox News employees who alleged that they were sexually harassed by Ailes. As CFO  Kranz was directly involved in preparing the company's financial statements and is thus potentially a key witness in the investigation  the sources said. Kranz's lawyer declined to comment on the matter. Spokespeople for the Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York  which is handling the investigation  also declined to comment.			Legit
Politics			Woman arrested three times as she tries to see President Trump			(CNN)A woman arrested late Tuesday night after she allegedly attempted to gain entry to the White House has been arrested two more times nearby. Police said she has told them she was there to speak to President Donald Trump.			Legit
Technology			NASA test fires rocket engine for future Mars mission			NASA tested part of the rocket that will likely take humans to Mars at the Stennis Space Center in Mississippi on March 23. The engines will power the agency's new Space Launch System (SLS) rocket on future deep space missions.			Legit
Entertainment			 Is Huck really dead on 'Scandal?'			Don't bury him just yet Gladiators. The actor who plays Huck on "Scandal" has some words of hope for fans who were upset about last week's cliffhanger episode in which his character was shot multiple times. Guillermo Diaz is cautioning folks to remember "Scandal" is often full of surprises. The actor told entmt Tonight that the script in which Meg shot Huck "just blew me away -- no pun intended." "My reaction was I was in complete and utter disbelief but excited too  he said. It's such a great script  it's so juicy! As an actor I was just thrilled." Diaz said the show's creator Shonda Rhimes can be credited with bringing so much excitement.			Legit
Business			 The House just voted to wipe away the FCC's landmark Internet privacy protections			Congress sent proposed legislation to President Trump on Tuesday that wipes away landmark online privacy protections  the first salvo in what is likely to become a significant reworking of the rules governing Internet access in an era of Republican dominance.  In a party-line vote  House Republicans freed Internet service providers such as Verizon  AT&T and Comcast of protections approved just last year that had sought to limit what companies could do with information such as customer browsing habits  app usage history  location data and Social Security numbers. The rules also had required providers to strengthen safeguards for customer data against hackers and thieves.			Legit
Politics			In Second Debate, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Spar in Bitter, Personal Terms			Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton collided in an almost unremittingly hostile debate on Sunday night, a 90-minute spectacle of character attacks, tawdry allegations, and Mr. Trump's startling accusation that Mrs. Clinton had "tremendous hate in her heart."			Legit
Education			Universities Push Back Against Trump on Immigration			Colleges and universities are pushing back against President Donald Trump's immigration-limiting executive order, promising to protect students and faculty even as they struggle to fully comprehend what the order means for community members who hail from the seven predominantly Muslim countries to which it specifically applies.			Legit
Technology			Amazon has more budget phones to sell you			Take a handful of budget phones. Cut their price even more. Voila -- you've got another hit on Amazon.			Legit
Entertainment			Brian Cox plays Postman Pat scientist			Professor Brian Cox may know his way around a black hole and a Higgs boson particle  but how will he fare on Postman Pat's home turf of Greendale? Find out this week when he appears on the CBeebies cartoon show as Professor Ryan Farrow  a space expert friend of Greendale's resident inventor Ted Glen. The professor's arrival is especially big news for Pat  who's always wanted to be an astronaut. Postman Pat and the Space Suit airs on Wednesday at 07:25 BST. Pictures have been released of Brian holding models of Postman Pat and his black and white cat Jess - as well as one of how he'll appear himself in animated form.			Legit
Business			Russia Can Wait for $70 Oil Before Returning to Arctic Waters			Russia can wait for a sustained recovery in oil prices before drilling again in Arctic waters  relying for now on less costly regions even as rival producer Norway accelerates development of its northerly fields. "We estimate production costs for the Russian Arctic offshore in the range of $70 to $100 a barrel  Energy Minister Alexander Novak said by email. These reserves are our backup stock  he said before the International Arctic Forum in Russia's Arkhangelsk, which starts Wednesday.			Legit
Sports			 Lawrence Okolie: Olympian wins in 20 seconds on professional debut			Rio 2016 Olympian Lawrence Okolie took just 20 seconds to score a knockout win on his professional debut. The 24-year-old British cruiserweight caught compatriot Geoffrey Cave with two solid right hands. The bout followed Anthony Crolla's points defeat by Jorge Linares at Manchester Arena. "Sorry to everyone that missed me fighting  Okolie tweeted. The good news is a Won by KO in 20 seconds!! Bad news is I'm back in the cage for now." London-based Cave  33  has now lost all three of his professional fights. Okolie competed at heavyweight and lost to Cuban Erislandy Savon at the last-16 stage at the Rio Olympics. He hopes to become a world champion within four years and is scheduled to fight on the undercard of Ricky Burns' super-lightweight unification bout with Julius Indongo on 15 April.			Legit
Business			 Gold Set to Soar to $1			500 as Inflation Makes a Comeback  "Gold is poised to rally to levels last seen four years ago as rising inflation and negative real interest rates combine to boost demand  according to Incrementum AG  which says that the precious metal may be in the early stages of a bull market. Prices may climb to $1 400 to $1 500 an ounce this year  said Ronald-Peter Stoeferle  managing partner at the Liechtenstein-based company  which oversees 100 million Swiss francs ($101.5 million). Spot bullion -- which was at $1 249 on Wednesday -- last traded at $1 400 in September 2013.			Legit
Business			Alex Jones Apologizes for Promoting 'Pizzagate' Hoax			Alex Jones  a prominent conspiracy theorist and the host of a popular right-wing radio show  has apologized for helping to spread and promote the hoax known as Pizzagate. The admission on Friday by Mr. Jones  the host of "The Alex Jones Show" and the operator of the website Infowars  was striking. In addition to promoting the Pizzagate conspiracy theory  he has contended that the Sept. 11 attacks were inside jobs carried out by the United States government and that the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown  Conn.  was a hoax concocted by those hostile to the Second Amendment. The Pizzagate theory  which posited with no evidence that top Democratic officials were involved with a satanic child pornography ring centered around Comet Ping Pong  a pizza restaurant in Washington  D.C.  grew in online forums before making its way to more visible venues  including Mr. Jones's show. And its prominence after the election drew attention to the proliferation of false and misleading news  much of it politically charged  that circulated on platforms like Facebook  Twitter and YouTube.			Legit
Business			Frankfurt Is Cheapest Brexit Option for Housing Bankers			Brexit bankers fleeing London take note: Frankfurt is the cheapest major financial center in the European Union to live and work  according to property broker Savills Plc. The combined annual cost of renting an apartment and the per-employee office space expense totaled just under 30 000 euros ($33 000) in the German city  less than half that of Paris. Frankfurt is emerging as the favored destination for investment banks such as Goldman Sachs Group Inc. that need hubs within the EU after Britain withdraws from the bloc.			Legit
Business			 Ford to invest $1.2bn in Michigan plants			Ford has said it will spend $1.2bn (£1bn) as part of a planned upgrade of three Michigan plants. It said $850m will be spent on retooling its factory in Wayne where Ford plans to build Bronco and Ranger models. In addition  Ford will create 130 jobs at its Romeo engine parts plant  it said in a statement. In January  the US car giant said it would cancel a $1.6bn plant it had planned to build in Mexico. US President Donald Trump  who put pressure on Ford over its planned Mexico investment  tweeted earlier on Tuesday: "Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to US. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!" Ford's US investment announcement is largely in line with a previous agreement it reached with the United Auto Workers union.			Legit
Sports			 Roger Federer beats Frances Tiafoe on return to Miami Open			Roger Federer beat American teenager Frances Tiafoe in his first match at the Miami Open for three years. The Swiss  35  defeated the 19-year-old qualifier 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 to take his 2017 record to 14 wins and one loss. Federer  who won has won the Australian Open and Indian Wells titles this year  missed Miami through illness in 2016. Top seed Stan Wawrinka beat Horacio Zeballos 6-3 6-4  while women's fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska was thrashed 6-0 6-3 by Mirjana Lucic-Baroni. "It's quite tough conditions  raining and really windy today  Swiss Wawrinka said. It's really windy on the court  so it's never easy. I'm happy with the way I was moving  the way I was playing and my attitude in general was really positive  so it's a great match." Federer picked up where he left off in Indian Wells  winning his first 20 service points on the way to overcoming an impressive effort from Tiafoe  the world number 101.			Legit
Business			Amazon to buy Middle East online retailer Souq			Amazon has made its first move into the Middle East after agreeing to buy the region's largest online retailer  Souq.com  for an undisclosed amount. Souq was launched in 2005 and offers more than 8.4 million products. It sells across 31 categories including consumer electronics  fashion  health and beauty  household goods and baby. "Amazon and Souq share the same DNA. We're driven by customers  invention and long-term thinking  said Amazon senior vice-president Russ Grandinetti. Some reports have suggested Amazon is paying about $650m (£517m) for the company. The deal was revealed a day after Emaar Malls, the operator of Dubai's biggest mall, made an offer of $800m (£636m) for Souq.			Legit
Technology			Apple's Devices Lose Luster in American Classrooms			Apple is losing its grip on American classrooms, which technology companies have long used to hook students on their brands for life.			Legit
Sports			 Former IndyCar and Nascar driver David Steele killed during Florida race			Sprint car veteran David Steele has died during a race in Florida. Desoto Speedway officials said in a Facebook post on Saturday night that track owners and staff were saddened by the crash. The statement says Steele was trying to win his 100th race in Florida. "Desoto Speedway owners and staff are saddened by tonight's passing of David Steele in the Sprint car feature  the post read. Thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends who were all in attendance  to see him try to win his 100th Florida race." A Manatee County Sheriff's Office report says Steele was driving a sprint car when his vehicle's left front wheel struck the right rear wheel of another car  causing Steele's vehicle to go up in the air  spin 180 degrees and hit the retaining wall. Medics attempted to treat him but he was pronounced dead. He was 42.			Legit
Education			Google commits $50 million to close the education gap			There are 130 million students around the world who haven't learned basic math or reading, even after being in school for several years, according to UNESCO.			Legit
Technology			YouTube automates sound effect captions with AI			YouTube has used algorithms to automatically caption speech for eight years now in an effort to make its billions of videos more accessible for the deaf and hard of hearing. While the feature was pretty rough at first, it has significantly improved it over time, getting "closer and closer to human transcription error rates," Google said in its developers blog. Since speech is just one part of the audio picture, though, YouTube has launched automatic sound effect captioning for the first time.			Legit
Sports			 Real Madrid may not be willing to pay £100m for Eden Hazard			says Ramon Calderon  "Real Madrid are in a "very good situation" financially but may not be willing to pay £100m to sign Chelsea's Eden Hazard  says former president Ramon Calderon. The Spanish giants want to sign Hazard  according to Sky sources  but talks between the clubs have not taken place and the forward is under contract until June 2020. A report in Spanish newspaper Marca on Tuesday morning claimed Chelsea would be willing to sell the forward to Real. The Blues do not comment on what they regard as media speculation and rumour and declined to offer a response to that report. However  Calderon claims any potential move would depend on the wishes of the Belgian and says that would be key if the Champions League holders were to take the 26-year-old to the Bernabeu. When asked if Real would break the transfer record  Calderon told Sky Sports News HQ: "I don't know but I guess if Chelsea are going to let him go they will have to ask for a lot of money.			Legit
Education			Even Preschoolers Face Racial Bias, Study Finds			Racial bias against black students begins long before they get to their teens - it starts in preschool, according to a study released today from the Yale Child Study Center.			Legit
Education			Exchange students say U.S. high schools easier and puzzle over all the sports			A funny thing happened on the way to making U.S. high schools harder: The rest of the industrialized world made theirs even harder.			Legit
Politics			Hillary Clinton's Team to Join Wisconsin Recount Pushed by Jill Stein			WASHINGTON - Nearly three weeks after Election Day, Hillary Clinton's campaign said on Saturday that it would participate in a recount process in Wisconsin incited by a third-party candidate and would join any potential recounts in two other closely contested states, Pennsylvania and Michigan.			Legit
Entertainment			 'Bates Motel' slashes into 'Psycho' in final season			There's a fine line between creative risk-taking and sacrilege when dealing with well-known properties. While "Bates Motel" might not have committed the latter  it has seemingly sacrificed the right to bill itself as a prequel to "Psycho." The A&E series always appeared to come with a built-in expiration date  facing the danger of running out of real estate as it chewed through story related to Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 horror classic. The contemporary setting also made the proceedings less spooky  what with cellphones and other modern devices that alter the dynamics of  say  being alone in the basement with a murderer dressed like his mom. Still  the announcement of a fifth and final season that would overlap with the movie actually created some excitement: after an ill-advised remake  this offered an alternate window into the story  including how these events unfolded from the perspective of Norman/Norma Bates.			Legit
Technology			Samsung's new AI assistant will take on Siri and Alexa			Samsung is preparing to launch a digital assistant called "Bixby," the latest product to result from the tech industry's obsession with artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things.			Legit
Technology			Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push			Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo & Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking.			Legit
Education			Microsoft Aims to Build on 'Minecraft' Success			The Nov. 1 launch of a "Minecraft" version tailored for the classroom is exciting educators and parents alike.			Legit
Politics			Federal judge sides with Trump administration in travel ban case			(CNN)A federal judge in Virginia ruled in favor of the Trump administration Friday, declining to join other federal courts that halted the President's revised travel ban last week.			Legit
Education			5-year-old wins Oklahoma spelling bee, heading for nationals			TULSA, Okla. -  A 5-year-old girl is bound for the Scripps National Spelling Bee after becoming the youngest winner of a regional competition in Oklahoma.			Legit
Technology			Fossil has a ton of new smartwatches coming out later this year			Fossil Group is going all-in on connected watches. The company previously announced that it planned to release 300 new smartwatches, hybrid watches and fitness trackers across multiple brands in 2017. Fossil is now making good on that promise and has shown off a variety of new models at the Baselworld watch and jewelry expo in Switzerland.			Legit
Sports			Shanghai Shenhua: Fire erupts at big-spending Chinese club's stadium			A blaze has ripped through part of big-spending Chinese Super League club Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium. Black smoke billowed from the Hongkou Stadium Tuesday as fire tore through one end of the 33 000-seater arena. No injuries were reported by local media  and no explanation given as to the cause of the fire  which started at 08.30am local time.			Legit
Sports			 Doping in sport: Drug use 'fast becoming a crisis'			Drug use at every level of sport is "fast becoming a crisis" according to UK Anti-Doping - responding to a BBC poll into doping in amateur sport. It found more than a third (35%) of amateur sports people say they personally know someone who has doped  and 8% said they had taken steroids. Half believe performance enhancing substance use is "widespread" among those who play sport competitively. Ukad chief Nicole Sapstead described the figures as "incredibly alarming". A BBC State of Sport investigation into doping in UK amateur sport also found that 49% thought performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) were "easily available" among people who play sports regularly.			Legit
Entertainment			 Alec Baldwin says he nearly passed on playing Donald Trump on 'SNL'			Alec Baldwin has revealed that he almost passed on playing Donald Trump on "Saturday Night Live." The actor told Vanity Fair for its April cover story that he originally passed on "SNL" producer Lorne Michaels' offer to play Trump but changed his mind after a film role fell through. "I was supposed to do a film. And the people who were doing the film were supposed to escrow money to guarantee that I would get paid  he said in a video accompanying the cover story. And they didn't put the money in escrow. And that's when I hung up and said I'm not going to go do the movie and I'm going to go do the thing with Lorne. And I think to myself  'What if I hadn't done that?' ... It's turned out to be this incredible opportunity." Baldwin's impression has been so popular that he has parlayed it into an upcoming satirical book and made his record 17th appearance as host of "SNL" earlier this year. He talks about playing Trump  working with "SNL" stars Kate McKinnon and Tina Fey  and starring in the best role of his life in his new memoir "Nevertheless  due out next month. Vanity Fair published an exclusive excerpt.			Legit
Sports			 Liverpool hire jet for return of Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino			Liverpool are taking no risks in their preparations for Saturday's Merseyside derby by hiring a private jet to return Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino from international duty in Brazil. The influential attacking duo are preparing to play in Brazil's World Cup qualifier against Paraguay in São Paulo on Tuesday. The game is scheduled to start at 9.45pm local time – 1.45am on Wednesday BST – leaving them only two full days to prepare for Everton's visit in the 12.30pm kick-off. Liverpool's owner  Fenway Sports Group  has sanctioned the rental of a jet to enable Coutinho and Firmino to return to training with Jürgen Klopp's squad on Thursday.			Legit
Business			Sweden Warned Not to Return to High-Tax 70s as Incomes Squeezed			Don't return Sweden to the high taxes of the 1970s and 1980s. That warning comes from Sweden's state-funded economic think tank as the Social Democratic-led government has been raising taxes on workers  while planning to cut levies on pensioners and those collecting benefits. "There are big negative effects  at least in the longer term  of higher state income tax and the marginal tax rate  Urban Hansson Brusewitz, director-general at the National Institute of Economic Research, said in an interview Tuesday in Stockholm. Should things head in this direction too long it would be harmful for Sweden." 			Legit
Education			Arne Duncan Blasts Trump Administration Over Transgender Guidance			Former Education Secretary Arne Duncan has blasted the Trump administration's decision to repeal guidance that sought to ensure transgender students have access to a bathroom that matches their gender identity.			Legit
Entertainment			 Teen with cancer dies days after Beyonce FaceTimes with her			Ebony Banks  the Houston teen battling a rare form of cancer  has died -- just days after her wish to speak to her idol Beyonce was fulfilled. A spokesman for Alief Independent School District  where Banks was a student  confirmed that she passed away early Sunday morning. "I understand she had a smile on her face till the very end  spokesman Craig Eichhorn told ABC News. Hours later, the students at Alief Hastings High School, from which Banks had recently graduated and where she was a member of the color guard for four years, organized a candlelight vigil in the band practice lot. Members of the color guard held their candles up in the air and swayed along to the song Halo" by Beyonce.			Legit
Technology			Netflix is testing a 'Skip Intro' button, and viewers love it			No more watching the same minute-long intro song and credits before every episode of "Orange is the New Black." Netflix told CNNMoney Friday that some Netflix members recently began seeing a "Skip Intro" button while streaming, but wouldn't say when it first appeared.  			Legit
Politics			Ivanka Trump Set to get West Wing Office as Role Expands  			Ivanka Trump, who moved to Washington saying she would play no formal role in her father's administration, is now officially setting up shop in the White House.			Legit
Technology			Let there be light: German scientists test 'artificial sun'			Scientists in Germany flipped the switch Thursday on what's being described as "the world's largest artificial sun," a device they hope will help shed light on new ways of making climate-friendly fuels.			Legit
Education			Educators Prepare for Immigration Agents at the Schoolhouse			In January, New York City's schools chancellor, Carmen Fari�a, sent a letter home to students' families, reassuring them that the city was not keeping records of their immigration status and that immigration agents would not be roaming schools unfettered.			Legit
Sports			 F1: Resurgent Ferrari finally takes fight to Mercedes			The champagne flowed  cheers rang out and "il Tricolore" flags were enthusiastically waved. But behind the scenes there was probably a huge collective sigh of relief. Sebastian Vettel's win at Sunday's Australian Grand Prix has been a long time coming for Ferrari -- Formula One's most successful team. The 16-time world champion hadn't won in Melbourne since 2007 and its last victory of any description came back in 2015  when Vettel won the Singapore Grand Prix.			Legit
Politics			Schwarzenegger taunts Trump over approval rating			Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger continued his very public feud with President Donald Trump on Tuesday, releasing a video taunting the president over his falling approval ratings.			Legit
Sports			Roger Federer beats Roberto Bautista Agut as Stan Wawrinka loses to Alexander Zverev			Roger Federer saw off Roberto Bautista Agut at the Miami Open to remain on course for back-to-back Masters titles but top seed Stan Wawrinka is out Federer has begun 2017 with some of the best  and most unexpected  form of his career and after claiming Masters title number 25 at Indian Wells just over a week ago  he remains on course for number 26 this weekend having equalled his best start to a season (16-1) with a 7-6 7-6 triumph. The Swiss did not have everything his own way against Bautista Agut  needing a couple of tie-breaks to see off the Spanish 14th seed in just under two hours.			Legit
Business			 Elon Musk creates Neuralink brain electrode firm			Tesla chief executive Elon Musk has launched Neuralink  a start-up which aims to develop technology that connects our brains to computers. A report from the Wall Street Journal  later confirmed in a tweet by Mr Musk  said the company was in its very early stages and registered as a "medical research" firm. The company will develop so-called "neural lace" technology which would implant tiny electrodes into the brain. The technique could be used to improve memory or give humans added artificial intelligence.			Legit
Business			 Uber to shut down Denmark operation over new taxi laws			Uber will shut down its operation in Denmark next month following the introduction of new taxi laws  the company has said  marking the latest European setback for the US ride-booking service. A company spokesman  Kristian Agerbo  said on Tuesday Uber "must take the consequences" of the rules  which among other things will require cabs to be fitted with seat occupancy sensors and fare meters.Uber suspends fleet of self-driving cars following Arizona crash. Uber has faced problems in cities including Madrid  Frankfurt  Paris and London  and is awaiting a decision from the European court of justice that could determine how it is regulated on the continent: as a transport service or a digital platform.			Legit
Education			Girls Who Code Closing Computer Science Gender Gap			It's time to close the gender gap. One of the largest gaps is in one of the most high-demand and well-paid careers: computer science. Girls Who Code is a club dedicated to evening out the playing field and now it is coming to Coos Bay.			Legit
Business			Banks and Tech Firms Battle Over Something Akin to Gold: Your Data			The big banks and Silicon Valley are waging an escalating battle over your personal financial data: your dinner bill last night  your monthly mortgage payment  the interest rates you pay. Technology companies like Mint and Betterment have been eager to slurp up this data  mainly by building services that let people link all their various bank-account and credit-card information. The selling point is to make budgeting and bookkeeping easier. But the data is also being used to offer new kinds of loans and investment products. Now  banks have decided they aren't letting the data go without a fight. In recent weeks  several large banks have been pushing to restrict the sharing of this kind of data with technology companies  according to the tech firms. In some cases  they are refusing to pass along information  like the fees and interest rates they charge. Both sides see big money to be made from the reams of highly personal information created by financial transactions.			Legit
Entertainment			 Olivia Newton-John hints at possible reunion with John Travolta for 40th anniversary of 'Grease'			Good news for fans hopelessly devoted to "Grease" stars John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John. Newtwon-John told Britain's The Mirror that a reunion could be in the works next year to mark the 1978 film's 40th anniversary. The Australian actress and singer  68  confirmed that she and Travolta have been discussing ideas for a reunion  but she didn't divulge any details. Speaking ahead of the Fame Awards at Hard Rock Live in Las Vegas  where she was receiving the Icon Award  Newton-John told The Mirror  "We are thinking up ways. Nothing to announce yet." "Forty years anniversary of 'Grease ' which I can't believe  she continued. Time goes so fast. It is so exciting." Marking the 40th anniversary could be one of Newton-John's last performances before she retires from 50 years in show business. "As time goes on I think of doing less and having more time off  she said. But it wouldn't be the first time the thought has crossed her mind. Every year for the last 20 years  I thought I was retiring and then somebody would say  'How about this?' and it's like  'Oh  that looks fun ' or 'How about this?'" Newton-John admitted. "Things that I would never think about."			Legit
Technology			Machine Learning Opens Up New Ways to Help Disabled People			CC rules require TV stations to provide closed captions that convey speech, sound effects, and audience reactions such as laughter to deaf and hard of hearing viewers. YouTube isn't subject to those rules, but thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, it now offers similar assistance.			Legit
Business			 UK retail sales shrug off Brexit fears with February rise			Britain's retailers received a respite from a two-month losing streak when spending in high street stores and online bounced back in February. The Office for National Statistics said retail sales volumes were up by 1.4% on January and 3.7% higher than in February 2016. Sterling rose on the currency markets after news of the rise was announced  but the ONS said the bounce back had failed to recoup all the ground lost in December and January. It noted that spending was being curtailed by higher petrol prices.In the three months to February – considered a better guide to the underlying trend than the monthly figure alone – sales were 1.4% lower than in the quarter ending in November.			Legit
Technology			AT&T pulls ads from YouTube, other Google sites			AT&T doesn't want its name showing up next to videos promoting intolerance and hate. As a result, the carrier on Wednesday said it's pulling ads from YouTube and other Google "non-search platforms."			Legit
Sports			 Broncos helmet found with Tom Brady's missing jerseys could belong to Von Miller			MVP Von Miller's Super Bowl 50 helmet may have been discovered alongside Tom Brady's missing jerseys in Mexico  according to Miller's team the Denver Broncos. The NFL announced on Monday that Brady's jersey from last month's Super Bowl LI  which the New England Patriots quarterback had reported missing after the match  had been found "in the possession of a credentialed member of the international media". The investigation  involving the FBI and other law enforcement agencies  also discovered Brady's Super Bowl jersey from two years earlier  and the surprises may not end there.			Legit
Business			American Airlines ties up partnership with China Southern			American Airlines and China's biggest carrier by passengers  China Southern  have agreed a strategic partnership. The US airline will buy $200m (£159m) worth of shares in the Chinese firm and the two will "seek to increase cooperation". China Southern is the latest of China's top airlines to bring in an investor from outside the mainland. The deal should offer American Airlines more possibilities to tap into China's growing aviation market. China is one of the biggest sources of tourists to the US  with Chinese carriers aggressively expanding their fleets and range of overseas destinations to cater to the strong growth in traveller numbers.			Legit
Education			Sex Toy-Wielding Students Protest Gun Law at University of Texas			Students wielded thousands of sex toys at the University of Texas-Austin in protest of the hotly-debated conceal carry law that took effect Wednesday on campuses across the Lone Star State.			Legit
Technology			Twitter adds more anti-abuse tools			Twitter has introduced more measures aimed at cutting down on the amount of abuse on the platform. Users will be able to limit what they see from certain types of account, particularly ones with no profile picture or information. Such accounts are often set up by trolls.			Legit
Entertainment			Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals			Will Smith has reunited with the cast from The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air - more than 20 years after the show ended its six-year run. Six members of the show posed for a photo  which was shared by Alfonso Ribeiro  who played Carlton in the hit 90s US show. In the Instagram post  Ribeiro wrote: "Always amazing to spend an afternoon with my Fresh Prince family. "Wishing that James Avery was still with us to make this complete." Avery  who played Uncle Phil  died in 2013. Smith and Ribeiro were joined by Tatyana Ali (Ashley)  Karyn Parsons (Hilary)  Daphne Maxwell Reid (Vivian) and Joseph Marcell (Geoffrey).			Legit
Politics			Appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump's travel ban			A federal appeals court Thursday refused to let President Trump reinstitute a temporary ban on travelers from seven majority-Muslim nations, ruling that it violates the due process rights of people affected without a sufficient national security justification.			Legit
Technology			GPS device to prevent false Everest claims by climbers			Nepal will provide GPS tracking devices to some mountaineers who attempt to scale Mount Everest this year to prevent them from making false summit claims and to track climbers in distress, an official said on Monday.			Legit
Education			Survey: Most Freshmen Are Not Emotionally Prepared for College			High school students spend years taking classes that will help them tackle the rigors of college courses.			Legit
Sports			Cristiano Ronaldo into all-time top 10 international goalscorers			Cristiano Ronaldo's 71st goal for Portugal took him into the all-time top 10 in international history. The Portuguese star netted the opener in their 3-2 friendly defeat against Sweden on Tuesday on his 138th appearance  taking him to joint-ninth in the standings  level with Majed Abdullah of Saudi Arabia  Kiatisuk Senamuang of Thailand and Miroslav Klose of Germany. He still has some way to go to catch all-time leader Ali Daei  however  who netted 109 times for Iran in 149 caps. Ronaldo's goal also took him to joint-third with Klose in the European list  behind the legendary Hungarian pair of Ferenc Puskas (84)  and Sandor Kocsis (75).			Legit
Business			 Laptop cabin ban 'ineffective' says IATA			The US and UK ban on laptops in cabin baggage on certain flights will not be an effective security measure  the International Air Transport Association has said. In a strongly worded speech  IATA chief executive Alexandre de Juniac said the ban also caused commercial distortions. The US ban was brought in as an anti-terrorist precaution. It covers inbound flights on airlines operating out of 10 airports in the Middle East  North Africa and Turkey. The British ban is similar but applies to different airlines. Airline passengers on 14 carriers are subject to the ban on inbound direct flights from Turkey  Lebanon  Jordan  Egypt  Tunisia and Saudi Arabia.			Legit
Business			 Snapchat 'will be bigger than Twitter			Yahoo and AOL with advertisers'  "Snapchat could become more popular with advertisers than Twitter  Yahoo and AOL within three years  with the messaging app company forecast to be bring in revenues of more than $3bn (£2.4bn) a year by the end of 2019. That bullish forecast is based on advertisers targeting the hard-to-reach youth audience that Snapchat has seemingly cornered. More than half (51%) of video users on the app are under 24  compared with 23% for Facebook and 17% for Google's YouTube (17%)  according to Ampere Analysis. Brands are also keen to see a true rival emerge to challenge Facebook and Google  which have recently come in for heavy criticism for their advertising practices. The two web giants currently account for 58% of the $141bn global mobile ad market.			Legit
Education			Schools Use Technology to Improve Gym Classes			Physical education teachers at Parker Middle School are noticing a little extra hustle from their students.			Legit
Business			California Upholds Auto Emissions Standards			Setting Up Face-Off With Trump  "California's clean-air agency voted on Friday to push ahead with stricter emissions standards for cars and trucks  setting up a potential legal battle with the Trump administration over the state's plan to reduce planet-warming gases. The vote  by the California Air Resources Board  is the boldest indication yet of California's plan to stand up to President Trump's agenda. Leading politicians in the state  from the governor down to many mayors  have promised to lead the resistance to Mr. Trump's policies. Mr. Trump  backing industry over environmental concerns  said easing emissions rules would help stimulate auto manufacturing. He vowed last week to loosen the regulations. Automakers are aggressively pursuing those changes after years of supporting stricter standards.			Legit
Technology			No new threat led to airline laptop limits, officials say			U.S. and British officials said Tuesday the decision to bar laptops and tablets from the cabins of some international flights wasn't based on any specific threat but on longstanding concerns about terrorists targeting jetliners.			Legit
Business			Macron and Le Pen Spar			Anticipating French Election Runoff  "With more than three weeks still to go before the first round of voting  Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron are already campaigning like they were the only candidates left in the race to become France's next president. With most recent polls suggesting anti-euro Le Pen and the centrist Macron are more than five points ahead of their nearest challenger for the two slots in the May 7 runoff  the front-runners traded barbs over the weekend as the other candidates faded into the background. Macron called Le Pen a "a liar" over a pledge to eliminate immigration  while the nationalist portrayed her rival as a puppet of the French elite. On Europe 1 radio on Monday  she said he's soft on migration.			Legit
Sports			 Basketball 'bible' auction sets sports memorabilia record			The first 13 rules of basketball sold Friday for more than $4 million  setting a record for the highest sales price for sports memorabilia  according to Sotheby's  which conducted the auction. The auction house had estimated that Dr. James Naismith's two-page "Founding Rules of Basketball" would bring less than half the $4 338 500 that David and Suzanne Booth bid for the 119-year-old document. "This is the birth certificate. It started here  said Selby Kiffer, Sotheby's vice president for manuscripts and books department. Naismith, a Canadian physical education instructor working at a New England YMCA, created the game of Basket Ball" so students could play a sport indoors in winter. Naismith had no idea his invention would catch on so rapidly after the YMCA movement introduced it on an international level.			Legit
Sports			Mo Farah: Doctor who gave controversial supplement infusion to face MPs			The doctor who treated Mo Farah with a controversial infusion has been summoned to give evidence to MPs. The infusion of the legal supplement L-carnitine  given to Farah in 2014 before a major race  is being looked at by the US Anti-Doping Agency (Usada) to determine whether rules were broken. Dr Robin Chakraverty carried out the treatment on the instruction of Farah's American coach Alberto Salazar. He will appear before the Culture  Media and Sport Committee on 19 April. MPs have also asked to speak with UK Athletics' head of endurance Barry Fudge as part of their ongoing investigation into doping in sport. Fudge works closely with Farah and Dr John Rogers  a medic for the British athletics team who reportedly raised concerns about Salazar's methods.			Legit
Sports			'Hillsborough law' could imprison police officers who are not truthful			A proposed "Hillsborough law" requiring police forces and public authorities to be open and truthful in legal proceedings  including about their own failures  and that would give bereaved families the same resources as the police to make their case at future inquests is to be presented to parliament.  The 10-minute-rule bill will be introduced by Labour MP Andy Burnham on Wednesday. The public authority (accountability) bill would impose on public authorities and employees a duty to act with "transparency  candour and frankness". Individual officials would face a fine or maximum two-year term in prison for failing to do so  including for feeding misleading information to the media.			Legit
Politics			First on CNN: Border wall ask: $1 billion for 62 miles			Washington (CNN)The Trump administration wants the first $1 billion of border wall funding to cover 62 miles -- including replacing some existing fencing along the southern border. 			Legit
Entertainment			 NYC apartment featuring David Bowie's piano on the market for $6.5 million			The chance to play the late David Bowie's piano while enjoying unobstructed views of Central Park in a New York City apartment could be yours for $6.495 million. A three-bedroom  two-and-a-half-bath apartment once owned by Bowie and his wife  Iman  went on the market on Monday. The couple sold the apartment  located in the Essex House on Central Park South  in 2002  10 years after they wed. Bowie's Yamaha piano was included in the 2002 sale and has remained in the apartment ever since. The current sellers  who did not buy the apartment from Bowie and Iman  are keeping the tradition alive by including the piano in the listing price. "I would imagine it is hard to move but I think it's really a great catch for buyers  the apartment's exclusive agent, Bernice Leventhal of the Corcoran Group, told ABC News. The 1,877-square-foot home is used as a pied-à-terre by its current owners. It features a limestone foyer, walk-in closet, two master-sized bedrooms and a master bath with a rain shower and heated floors.			Legit
Politics			US leads boycott of UN talks to ban nuclear weapons			United Nations, New York (CNN)US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley announced Monday that the United States and almost 40 other nations would not participate in the first-ever talks on an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons.			Legit
Education			Study: Inclusive Environment Key to Closing STEM Gap			In order to tighten the gender gap in certain male-dominated science, technology, engineering and math fields, educators must develop a more inviting culture, according to a study published in the October issue of Psychological Bulletin.			Legit
Politics			Schumer: Trump showed 'basic lack of competence' on health care bill			Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer criticized President Donald Trump after the GOP-backed health care bill failed to garner enough support for a vote on the House floor Friday, saying the president showed two unhelpful traits during negotiations.			Legit
Politics			Trump welcomes Merkel after bashing her on campaign trail			On Friday, Merkel presses ahead with the new, arriving in Washington for her first face-to-face encounter with Trump after months of preparation and one postponement due to snow. Analysts and White House officials alike say Friday's sit-down will be Trump's most important meeting with a foreign leader since the Republican businessman took office in January.			Legit
Politics			Texas Must Broaden Death-Penalty Exemption, High Court Says			A divided U.S. Supreme Court said Texas must broaden its death-penalty exemption for people who are intellectually disabled, ruling that the state was violating the Constitution by using outdated medical standards.			Legit
Entertainment			 George Michael portrait by Damien Hirst sells for $580			000  "A portrait of the late George Michael by artist Damien Hirst has sold for just under half a million pounds at a charity auction. The money raised from the sale of Beautiful Beautiful George Michael Love Painting will go to HIV/Aids charity The Goss-Michael Foundation. The charity was founded by Michael and his former partner Kenny Goss. Goss posted an image of the artwork on Instagram  writing: "Amazing result of $580 000 (around £461 011)." He described Damien Hirst as a "superstar"  adding: "Thank you Damien!" The canvas went under the hammer in Dallas  Texas  at the MTV Re:define charity gala. Michael  who enjoyed a lucrative pop career as one half of duo Wham before embarking on a successful solo career  died on Christmas Day last year at the age of 53.			Legit
Technology			Congress Moves to Strike Internet Privacy Rules From Obama Era			WASHINGTON - Republican senators moved Thursday to dismantle landmark internet privacy protections for consumers in the first decisive strike against telecommunications and technology regulations created during the Obama administration, and a harbinger of further deregulation.			Legit
Sports			 Wilfried Zaha hits back at Southgate's 'timescale' claim over England selection			Wilfried Zaha has rejected Gareth Southgate's suggestion that he had imposed a timescale to be selected again by England  effectively holding the national team to ransom  and has defended his right to instead represent the country of his birth  Ivory Coast. The Crystal Palace forward  who had been capped by England in friendlies against Sweden and Scotland during Roy Hodgson's tenure as manager  was infuriated by Southgate's comments in the aftermath of the World Cup qualifying victory against Lithuania on Sunday. Zaha issued a statement through his representative  Will Salthouse of Unique Sports Management  on Tuesday and implied disappointment that England's recently appointed permanent manager had made public details of a meeting held with the winger in December.			Legit
Entertainment			Katy Perry pays tribute to fan killed in an auto accident			Katy Perry has paid special tribute to an 18-year-old superfan who died in a car accident. According to ABC affiliate KTBS-TV in Shreveport  Louisiana  18-year-old Katie Bell died this past weekend when she lost control of her car and collided head-on with another vehicle. The other driver was also killed. "We see you angel and we love and will miss you  Perry tweeted on Tuesday morning. KC's  light a candle for Katie. Rest In Peace." She included one of Bell's videos in her tweet. News of Bell's death apparently inspired the hashtag #RIPKatycatKatie -- Perry fans call themselves "KatyCats" -- and Perry herself took notice. To further honor Bell  Perry changed her name on her Twitter profile to Bell's hashtag.			Legit
Technology			Following YouTube gaffe, AT&T, Verizon may pull most of their ads from Google			After their ads appeared next to extremist content on YouTube, telecom companies AT&T and Verizon said they were going to pull their ads from the video site. But the fallout may go further than just YouTube.			Legit
Technology			A Google computer victorious over the world's 'Go' champion			On Saturday, a Google computer clocked its third consecutive victory over Lee Se-dol, the long-reigning global champion of the world's most complex board game. That win makes the machine the clear winner in a best-of-five series.			Legit
Education			You've Been Accepted to Columbia. Oops, Our Error.			When an applicant to the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health got an email on Wednesday saying it was "delighted to welcome" her, she said she was overcome with euphoria.			Legit
Education			On 'Day Without Women,' Two Districts Cancel School			School districts in Virginia and North Carolina are telling students to stay home on Wednesday, on a nationwide day of protest called "A Day Without Women," because so many staff members do not plan to show up for work.			Legit
Business			 Wells Fargo profits hit by legal costs			US bank Wells Fargo has reported a fall in quarterly profits after setting aside funds for potential costs related to its fake accounts scandal. Third quarter profit fell 2% to $5.64bn (£4.6bn) from $5.8bn the year before. The scandal saw bank employees open as many as two million accounts without customers' knowledge or permission in order to meet aggressive sales targets. In September  the bank was fined $185m over the illegal accounts and this week Wells Fargo boss John Stumpf resigned. Wells Fargo has fired about 5 300 employees in connection with the scandal. The bank  which faces numerous federal and state investigations  said expenses rose in part due to anticipated litigation costs. Third-quarter fixed costs increased to $13.3bn from $12.9bn in the previous quarter.			Legit
Sports			WWE star Paige reveals self-harm thoughts after leaked video scandal			WWE star Paige has revealed she wanted to physically harm herself after explicit images and videos of her were leaked online. The two-time Divas champion  real name Saraya-Jade Bevis  admitted she thought of hurting herself during the period of controversy. "I made a big mistake  the 24-year-old English wrestler said. Huge. I put trust in the hands of someone that took advantage of a young girl years ago. "It was my mistake and I'll always take responsibility. But the one thing that was the hardest was thinking 'my husband is gonna leave me  my family will disown me'.			Legit
Politics			President Trump climbs into an 18-wheeler and pretends to be a trucker			That's the role the president briefly assumed Thursday when he climbed into the drivers seat of a Mack 18-wheeler parked on the South Lawn of the White House.			Legit
Sports			 John Calipari Has a Winning Return to Memphis as Kentucky Tops U.C.L.A.			At halftime  Kentucky Coach John Calipari relayed a set of instructions to his players. "Guys  are you watching this game?" he recalled asking them. "They said  'Yeah.' I said  'Good. Then  you know we're playing through De'Aaron Fox. The rest of you take a back seat.'" Sometimes  basketball is simple. Such was the case for Kentucky on Friday night at FedEx Forum. Fox  a freshman guard  was halfway through eviscerating U.C.L.A. in a South regional semifinal of the N.C.A.A. tournament  and Calipari reminded his players to continue feeding him the ball. The second-seeded Wildcats heeded that message in an 86-75 victory that put them one game from the Final Four. On Sunday afternoon  Kentucky will play top-seeded North Carolina in the regional final. "I'm looking forward to the game just because I like my team  said Calipari, adding: I'm jacked up. I'll sleep tonight because I'm old and I'm tired."			Legit
Education			Supreme Court Expands Rights for Students with Disabilities			In a unanimous decision with major implications for students with disabilities, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that schools must provide higher educational standards for children with special needs.			Legit
Entertainment			'Walking Dead' star Lauren Cohan on season 7 finale: 'It's heartbreaking'			Lauren Cohan  who has played farm girl-turned-fighter Maggie since season 2 of "The Walking Dead  isn't giving away any spoilers for the season 7 finale. But she does acknowledge that it will be heartbreaking." "You're certainly in for a lot of emotion  she told HarpersBazaar.com in a new interview. [It's] incredibly bittersweet  beautiful and heartbreaking." As any fan of the show knows  AMC's zombie apocalypse drama has always been heartbreaking -- evidenced in this season's premiere when two of the show's beloved cast members fell victim to Negan  played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan. As always  the cast held a traditional sendoff  or so called "death dinner  for their fallen cast members. It's funny when I stop to think about calling them death dinners. It's such a frequent part of our lingo that I forget how absurd it is  like spying on your own funeral  Cohan explained. We've had some of our best nights together at them. There's always a lot of tears  but we also have bonfires and play games and get to tell the family member leaving how much we love them -- and  you know  completely embarrass them."			Legit
Entertainment			How 'Bones' bred a new generation of female scientists			Fox's "Bones" is coming to an end on Tuesday having produced 246 episodes of often-gory crime cases  cracked by a team led by the brilliant Dr. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel). For some female viewers of the long-running series  the show has been about much more than entmt; it's encouraged them to pursue a career in science. Morgan O. John is one of them. She's a "bonehead" -- a term of endearment used by fans of the show to describe themselves as a collective -- but also anything but. The 22-year-old is just months away from completing a double major in anthropology and French at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth  Texas. Growing up in what she describes as " a very  very  very  isolated rural town in Southwest Louisiana  many head to work or the nearest community college after graduating from high school and live quiet  uncomplicated" lives.			Legit
Sports			John Wall breathes some life into Wizards' trip to Cleveland			The Northeast Ohio sun remained hidden while the Washington Wizards were in town and the temperature required heavy outerwear. But John Wall still felt fine. He said his weary bones felt fresh. Those nagging pains  miraculously healed. The migraine headache from earlier in the week  gone. These good vibes fueled Wall's performance - a career-best shooting start followed by his 47th double-double of the season - in the Washington Wizards' 127-115 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. After the win  Wall explained how the lure of the West Coast road trip was the only prescribed medicine that he needed.			Legit
Entertainment			 Michelle Pfeiffer says she's 'more open' to work now that her children are grown			Michelle Pfeiffer is juggling a much busier schedule these days. Speaking with director Darren Aronofsky for Interview magazine  she said her Hollywood career was put on the back burner after she had children  but she's now ready to get back in the game. "I've never lost my love for acting. I feel really at home on the movie set. I'm a more balanced person honestly when I'm working  Pfeiffer told Aronofsky. But I was pretty careful about where I shot  how long I was away  whether or not it worked with the kids' schedule. And I got so picky that I was unhirable." She's now an "empty nester  she said; her daughter Claudia Rose Pfeiffer is 24 and son John Henry Kelley is 22. This has given her the ability to take on more roles. This year, she'll be seen in HBO's The Wizard of Lies" alongside Robert De Niro  Aronofsky's "Mother!" and an adaptation of Agatha Christie's "Murder on the Orient Express  which will also star Johnny Depp, Josh Gad and Penelope Cruz. She also starred in the indie film Where Is Kyra?" which premiered earlier this year.			Legit
Politics			Poll: Trump's approval rating dips to new low of 37 percent			President Donald Trump's approval rating has dipped to a new low of 37 percent in the Quinnipiac University poll.			Legit
Entertainment			 Elton John celebrates 70th birthday with star-studded party			Elton John knows how to throw a party  and he didn't disappoint when he turned 70 on Saturday night. The English singer gathered his friends  family and many A-listers to fete him inside Red Studios in Los Angeles. The evening was hosted by Rob Lowe and featured performances by Stevie Wonder  Lady Gaga  Ryan Adams and more. At one point during the party  Wonder performed his iconic rendition of "Happy Birthday" with help from Lady Gaga. Other celebrities attended the gala  which also served as a benefit for the Elton John AIDS Foundation and the Hammer Museum at UCLA. Neil Patrick Harris  Jon Hamm  Heidi Klum  Dakota Johnson  Jennifer Tilly and Katy Perry were all spotted at the party.			Legit
Politics			Clinton's emotional concession: This is 'painful and will be for a long time'			Hillary Clinton ended her historic presidential campaign Wednesday, saying it is "painful and will be for a long time," as she urged for a peaceful transfer of power.			Legit
Technology			Nintendo Switch game console to launch in March for $299			The Nintendo Switch video game console will sell for about $260 in Japan, starting March 3, the same date as its global rollout in the U.S. and Europe. The Japanese company promises the device will be packed with fun features of all its past machines and more. Nintendo is promising a more immersive, interactive experience with the Switch, including online playing and using the remote controller in games that don't require players to be constantly staring at a display.  			Legit
Business			German Power Spat With Denmark Holds Up Single Market Trade			A long-running squabble between Denmark and Germany over power cables linking the countries has cut the amount of electricity Nordic producers can supply to Europe's biggest market to the lowest level in 17 years.  Germany cut import capacity from mainland Denmark by 89 percent on average last year  the most since a power market between the nations started in 2000. It's a consequence of Chancellor Angela Merkel's unprecedented Energiewende: the shift to wind and solar power mean surges in renewable energy production make it hard for the nation's grids to handle its own electricity  let alone imports.  The dispute is undermining the European Union's goal of breaking down national barriers for power to boost energy security and cut costs through more cross-border trading. Talks between Germany and Denmark have floundered  with no resolution emerging from their latest meeting on the matter in Berlin last week.			Legit
Technology			YouTube reverses some restrictions on gay-themed content			The YouTube video shows two women, dressed in suits and ties. They smile; they sniffle back tears; they gaze into each other's eyes. They are reading their wedding vows to one another.			Legit
Sports			 Miami Open: Novak Djokovic joins Andy Murray in pulling out with elbow injury			World number two Novak Djokovic has pulled out of next week's Miami Open because of an elbow injury. The 29-year-old Serb is the second big name to withdraw from the event  after world number one Andy Murray did likewise for the same reason. Defending champion Djokovic apologised to fans who had bought tickets to see him play in Miami. He lost to Australian Nick Kyrgios in straight sets in the last 16 at Indian Wells last week. "My doctor has strongly advised against play because my elbow injury  that I keep carrying on for months  got worse in the past week  he said. I will do everything in my power to recover and do all the necessary therapy to be able to return on court as soon as possible." Briton Murray will extend his lead at the top of the world rankings to more than 4 000 points as Djokovic will lose the points he earned from winning in Miami last year. The Scot will lead the Serb by 3 090 points on Monday - but that will increase to more than 4 045 points at the beginning of next month.			Legit
Sports			 Rory McIlroy: Muirfield women membership saga was 'obscene'			hey finally voted to accept women as members  but Rory McIlroy says the need for Muirfield golfers to have a second ballot on the issue was "obscene" and "horrendous." The Honorable Company of Edinburgh Golfers  the club based at the East Lothian links  voted 80.2% in favor of admitting women this week  overturning a ballot that ruled against changing its male-only policy last May. The course was removed from the British Open rota as a result  but reinstated again this week. "In this day and age  where you've got women that are like the leaders of certain industries and women that are heads of state and not to be able to join a golf course? I mean  it's obscene. It's ridiculous  McIlroy told a news conference ahead of the Arnold Palmer Invitational event in Florida. So  they sort of saw sense. I still think that it got to this stage  is horrendous."			Legit
Politics			White House attacks Clintons in pushback against Manafort allegations			White House press secretary Sean Spicer attacked former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in response to a report raising concerns about former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort's connections to Russia.			Legit
Education			How does nutrition affect children's school performance?			As politicians debate spending and cuts in President Donald Trump's proposed budget, there have been questions about the effects of nutrition programs for kids.			Legit
Politics			Need to reach Trump? Call Rhona.			When longtime friends and associates of President Donald Trump want to reach him, they don't go directly to the White House. Instead, they call the woman who's been the gatekeeper at Trump Tower for a quarter century: Rhona Graff.			Legit
Business			 London Stock Exchange-Deutsche Boerse deal blocked by EU			EU regulators have blocked London Stock Exchange's £21bn merger with German stock exchange Deutsche Boerse. The European Commission said the deal would have created a "de facto monopoly" for certain financial services. The merger would have combined Europe's two largest stock exchange operators. London Stock Exchange Group said it "regrets" the commission's decision  as the deal would have created a "world-leading" financial markets firm. It warned last month that the deal was unlikely to receive EU approval over concerns that it would limit competition. The firm  which operates the UK and Italian stock exchanges  had offered to sell its France-based clearing house to deal with those concerns. However  the European Commission decided that this remedy did not go far enough. Margrethe Vestager  the commissioner in charge of competition policy  said: "The European economy depends on well-functioning financial markets.			Legit
Business			 This is how badly Saudi Arabia needs its big oil IPO to go well			Saudi Arabia gave Saudi Aramco a huge gift this week by slashing the tax rate on the national oil company to 50% from 85%. The kingdom stressed that the drastically reduced tax rate  which is retroactive to the start of 2017  would be offset by dividends and investment profits. The enormous tax relief will also add tens of billions of dollars to Aramco's coffers at a time of growing concern over how much the world's largest oil company is actually worth. While Saudi Arabia has said Aramco could be valued at $2 trillion in an expected 2018 IPO  some analysts believed that price tag was too generous. Saudi Arabia badly needs the Aramco IPO to go smoothly because it would generate a cash windfall at a time when plunging oil revenue has blown a hole in its once-vaunted budget.			Legit
Business			 London Stock Exchange 'working hard' on Deutsche Boerse merger			The London Stock Exchange has said it is continuing to "work hard" on its planned merger with Deutsche Boerse. Earlier this week  the LSE said the deal could collapse as it was unlikely to get European Commission clearance. The commission had ordered the LSE to sell its 60% stake in MTS  a fixed-income trading platform. The LSE had called the request "disproportionate". The LSE's latest comments came as the exchange reported an increase in profits for 2016. Excluding restructuring costs and businesses it has sold or closed  LSE said profit before tax rose to £623.1m for the year from £516.4m a year ago. "The group has worked hard on our proposed merger with Deutsche Boerse  which received formal approval from both sets of shareholders  the firm said.			Legit
Entertainment			Benedict Cumberbatch welcomes 2nd son			People confirmed that the couple welcomed a second son  Hal Auden Cumberbatch  on March 3. Cumberbatch has not yet commented on the birth  and his rep has not responded to a request for comment from ABC News. The "Doctor Strange" star announced in October that he and his wife  a theater director  were expecting their second child.  "Everyone is absolutely thrilled  his rep told E! News at the time. Cumberbatch, 40, and Hunter, 38, were married in February 2015, following a short engagement. That June, Hunter gave birth to their first child, Christopher Carlton Cumberbatch. Benedict Cumberbatch and Sophie Hunter are delighted to announce the arrival of their beautiful son. We would kindly ask everyone to respect the family's privacy during these next few precious weeks  his rep said upon Christopher's arrival.			Legit
Business			Brexit talks will fail without compromise: José Manuel Barroso			Brexit negotiations are on course to fail unless both Britain and the European Union ditch their winner-takes-all approach to the coming talks  the former president of the European commission José Manuel Barroso has said. With just days to go before Theresa May formally notifies Brussels of the UK's intention to leave the EU  Jean-Claude Juncker's predecessor said the two sides were playing a dangerous game. The UK's prime minister has said she believes "no deal is better than a bad deal"  and some in her cabinet have openly talked up the prospect of walking away from the negotiating table.			Legit
Business			 No			you can't pay your interns with free food  "Finding people to work is challenging  particularly for restaurants. Pret a Manger  a U.K. based sandwich shop chain is no different. To meet this challenge  executives there decided to try something new: a one-week internship for about 500 teenagers to  according to a company statement in the Guardian  "get exposure to aspects of our business including food production  customer service  social responsibility [care for the homeless] and financial control."  It seemed like a good and much needed idea–particularly in the U.K. where finding low-skilled labor is projected to becomeincreasingly difficult as the effects of Brexit takes hold and fewer EU nationals make their way to England. "British schools and parents don't always take careers in the hospitality industry seriously  but they really ought to  the company wrote in its blog.			Legit
Entertainment			Rapper Wiz Khalifa sparks outrage for visit to Pablo Escobar's grave			American rap artist Wiz Khalifa has kicked up quite the controversy on his visit to Colombia. During a trip to perform at a festival in Medellin  the celebrity posted pictures to his Instagram account of him apparently paying tribute to the late Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar. The rapper posted one photo of colorful flowers at the grave's headstone. Wiz Khalifa also posted several photos of him smoking what appears to be marijuana near Escobar's grave  as well as a picture of him posing outside of a property -- site of a bombing and attempt on Escobar's life in the '80s -- formerly owned by the drug lord  who died in a shootout with authorities in Medellin in 1993.			Legit
Sports			 Slaven Bilic still has support of West Ham's owners			West Ham's owners still have faith in manager Slaven Bilic despite his team winning only three of their 11 games this year  according to Sky sources. Bilic's contract runs out in the summer of 2018 and recent results have made it less likely that he will be offered a new deal this summer. Co-chairman David Sullivan apologised to supporters 10 days ago after West Ham lost 3-2 at home to Leicester City.Sullivan said it was "vital" performances and results improved in the next three games against Hull City  Arsenal and Swansea City. West Ham's owners have a track record of staying loyal to their managers and there is a general acceptance at boardroom level that Bilic has had a lot to deal with this season.			Legit
Politics			In age of Trump, Obama is the new tabloid darling			Donald Trump might be the original tabloid president, but while he works long hours in Washington making phone calls from the Oval Office and wreaking havoc on Twitter, the gossip pages and fashion blogs are spilling a lot of ink chronicling his predecessor.			Legit
Business			 China's Tencent buys 5% stake in Tesla			Chinese tech giant Tencent has spent $1.78bn (£1.4bn) on buying a 5% stake in electric carmaker Tesla. Tencent  best known for its WeChat mobile app  has been investing in a number of sectors  including gaming  entmt  cloud computing and online financing. Tesla said the stake was passive  meaning Tencent would not get a say in how the US firm was run. Shares in Tesla rose 2.3% in early trading following the announcement. Tesla's range of electric cars has included the Model S and the Roadster  which was billed as the world's first electric sports car. The company also specialises in battery storage  and  through its SolarCity subsidiary  residential solar panels.			Legit
Technology			Ban aimed at electronics in cabins of some US-bound flights			The U.S. government is temporarily barring passengers on certain flights originating in eight other countries from bringing laptops, iPads, cameras and most other electronics in carry-on luggage starting Tuesday.			Legit
Sports			Jimmy Anderson hopes for injury-free England Test summer in runup to Ashes			England's all-time leading wicket-taker Jimmy Anderson remains confident his body can withstand the rigours of seven Tests in two months this summer but  as he turns 35 in July  accepts he has to take things "step by step". As a result  the Lancashire swing bowler is unable to look as far ahead as England's tour of Australia later in the year  which would be his fourth Ashes tour. Since missing England's final Test in India in December – the fifth Test he has missed through injury in England's past 11 – with the problematic shoulder that affected his year  Anderson spent January resting and has since undergone a full pre‑season with Lancashire  for whom he is available at the start of the season.			Legit
Politics			Why Green Party Presidential Candidate Jill Stein Doesn't Want Either Clinton or Trump in the White House			Jill Stein, the presidential candidate for the Green Party, says she would be unhappy with either mainstream party candidate -- Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump -- in the White House.			Legit
Sports			 Lauren Jeska jailed for Alexander Stadium stabbings			A fell-running champion has been jailed for 18 years for stabbing three UK Athletics staff at a major arena. Lauren Jeska  a transgender athlete  admitted trying to murder Ralph Knibbs at Birmingham's Alexander Stadium. The "cool  calculated attack" came amid a dispute over her eligibility to compete as a female. Birmingham Crown Court heard that Jeska  42  stabbed Mr Knibbs in the head and neck  leaving a 2cm hole with "blood pumping out".			Legit
Business			 EU Blocks Deutsche Boerse's $14 Billion Takeover of London Stock Exchange			European Union regulators dealt a final blow to Deutsche Boerse AG's planned takeover of London Stock Exchange Group Plc  a symbolic block on EU-U.K. integration on the same day Britain formally serves notice of its decision to quit the EU. The $14 billion deal to create Europe's biggest exchange would have harmed competition in the soon-to-be 27-nation EU by creating a de facto monopoly for clearing bonds and repurchase agreements  the European Commission said in an emailed statement Wednesday. The decision  flagged last month by LSE  thwarts Deutsche Boerse's expansion just five years after the EU also banned a proposed tie-up with NYSE Euronext. "The commission cannot allow the creation of monopolies and that is what would have happened in this case  Margrethe Vestager, the EU's antitrust commissioner, told reporters in Brussels. LSE was not prepared" to sell a small unit that would have removed concerns that the combined firm could have weakened rival Euronext NV. EU regulators have become increasingly tough on big deals  demanding weighty concessions to eliminate overlapping businesses amid concerns that a combined firm could dominate an industry and increase prices. While this is the second time that Vestager has formally blocked a merger  several transactions have been ditched over antitrust opposition.			Legit
Education			Scientists Bristle at Trump Budget's Cuts to Research			Before he became president, Donald J. Trump called climate change a hoax, questioned the safety of vaccines and mocked renewable energy as a plaything of "tree-huggers."			Legit
Education			Toronto Cancels U.S. Class Trips Due To Trump Travel Ban Concerns			Canada's largest school board has barred all future field trips to the United States because of concerns that some students could get caught up in President Donald Trump's travel ban. And a girls chorus in California just became the latest U.S. institution to ditch an overseas trip for the same reason. 			Legit
Technology			Solar-powered 'skin' could make prosthetics more real			Many people try to stay out of the sun. But if a new type of solar-powered electronic skin makes its way onto prosthetics, wearers will definitely want those rays shining on their limbs.			Legit
Politics			First lady Melania Trump touts equality at International Women's Day luncheon			Washington (CNN) First lady Melania Trump spoke about equality, freedom and the responsibility women have to help each other achieve success at an invitation-only luncheon honoring International Women's Day Wednesday at the White House.			Legit
Entertainment			Chris Pratt responds to body shamers telling him he's too thin			Big or small  Chris Pratt has heard it all. These days  the "Guardians of the Galaxy" star  37  is taking flak for being too thin  but he's not taking it lying down. Pratt  who has been documenting the healthy snacks he's eating while filming "Jurassic World 2" in a series of "What's My Snack" Instagram videos  fired back -- in his usual tongue-in-cheek manner -- after some followers apparently suggested he looked too thin. "So many people have said I look too thin in my recent episodes of #WHATSMYSNACK  he wrote on Instagram Thursday. Some have gone as far as to say I look 'skeletal.' Well  just because I am a male doesn't mean I'm impervious to your whispers. Body shaming hurts."			Legit
Education			A Tumultuous Beginning			It's been a rocky start for Education Secretary Betsy DeVos but Trump supporters see success. Newly-minted Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos has had a tumultuous start to her tenure in the Trump administration.			Legit
Technology			Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones			Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets.			Legit
Politics			U.S. Travel Industry Fears a 'Lost Decade' Under Trump			Like many Washington lobby groups, the U.S. Travel Association was quick to congratulate the new president on his victory last November.			Legit
Politics			Ellison: Democrats 'stand ready' to work with Republicans			Washington (CNN)Democratic lawmakers "stand ready" to work with their Republican counterparts following the failure of GOP efforts to repeal Obamacare, Rep. Keith Ellison said Monday.			Legit
Politics			Pence: Congress wasn't ready to repeal, replace Obamacare			Vice President Mike Pence said Congress "just wasn't ready" to repeal and replace Obamacare, joking that supporters of the House Republican health care plan could have used some WWE superstars.			Legit
Politics			Trump targets tech's H-1B visa hiring tool			SAN FRANCISCO - President Trump's relationship with Silicon Valley has always been volatile at best, but it seems things soon may get even more contentious.			Legit
Technology						Toyota teams up with Microsoft to bring voice recognition to cars			Legit
Education			School Starts Too Early In The Morning, State Lawmaker Says			If Senator Anthony Portantino gets his way, California will be the first state in the nation to ensure that teenagers can go to school without sacrificing a good night's sleep. This week he introduced SB328, a bill that would require California school districts to start middle and high school classes no earlier than 8:30 a.m.			Legit
Education			Hillary Clinton To Deliver Wellesley College's 2017 Commencement Address			Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will return to her alma mater, Wellesley College, to deliver the school's 2017 commencement speech this spring, Wellesley's student newspaper reports.			Legit
Entertainment			 Shailene Woodley reaches deal to avoid jail over pipeline protest			US actress Shailene Woodley has reached a plea deal over her involvement in the protest against the Dakota Access oil pipeline. Woodley  star of the Divergent series  was one of 27 people arrested at the site last October. She has now signed a document agreeing to plead guilty to misdemeanour disorderly conduct  which would mean she would avoid jail. The pipeline project has been highly controversial and drawn huge protests. Native Americans say it will desecrate sacred land and damage the environment.			Legit
Technology			Google allows users to share their locations in mapping app			Alphabet Inc's Google announced on Wednesday that it will revamp its popular maps app to allow users to share their locations, in order to boost engagement on a product of increasing strategic importance to the search giant.			Legit
Entertainment			 What to expect from Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds' public memorial			On Saturday  the public gets a chance to say a final farewell to Carrie Fisher and her mother  Debbie Reynolds  who died one day apart late in December. The memorial will be held at the Hall of Liberty at Forest Lawn Cemetery Hollywood Hills at 1 p.m. PT. Fans can attend on a first-come  first-served basis  and when the hall fills up  they'll be able to stand outside and watch the service on screens. Can't make it to California? The whole thing will be live-streamed on Reynolds' website. Reynolds' son  Todd Fisher  told Variety not long ago that the memorial was what his mother would have wanted. "She was very connected to her fans and felt they were a part of her  he said. Todd Fisher also said that a video of a song that James Blunt wrote as a tribute to his sister will be released on the day of the memorial. Blunt and Carrie Fisher were good friends; before he found fame with his hit You're Beautiful  he actually lived with her. It might rip your heart out  Fisher said of the song.			Legit
Education			This Teacher Has Personalized Handshakes For All 40 Of His Students			A 5th grade teacher in Charlotte, North Carolina knows education alone isn't necessarily enough to get his students excited for class. So he's using personalized handshakes instead. 			Legit
Politics			Melania Trump hires communications director			(CNN)First lady Melania Trump is tapping a key member of the White House communications staff for her East Wing team -- deputy press secretary Stephanie Grisham will serve as the first lady's communications director, the White House announced Monday.			Legit
Entertainment			 Planet Earth leads field with nine Bafta Craft nominations			Planet Earth II was a hit with viewers when it aired last year - and now it seems to have wowed Bafta as well. The BBC One nature documentary has received nine nominations ahead of its annual Craft Awards  which celebrate behind the scenes talent in television. Netflix drama The Crown follows with seven nominations  while the BBC's The Night Manager gets six. The winners will be announced on 23 April  three weeks ahead of the Bafta Television Awards on 14 May. Here's a rundown of which programmes are up for what.			Legit
Entertainment			Millie Bobby Brown taking a 'rest' between appearances and 'Stranger Things' filming			Millie Bobby Brown has been promoting "Stranger Things" seemingly nonstop lately and is now taking some time for herself. Brown  who plays the mysterious Eleven on the hit Netflix series  posted an apology to fans on Instagram after having to cancel an appearance. "I have had to cancel a Comic Con last minute  which is something I've never  never done  and I'm planning on never doing again  Brown said in the video. I just think I've worked too hard and I have to rest  as I've had a really long shoot and I'm still filming 'Stranger Things.'" The 13-year-old has been seen hitting a string of red-carpet and high-profile events  often alongside her fellow cast members.			Legit
Entertainment			Sienna Miller on why her new role is not 'just a wife'			If there's one thing Sienna Miller has in common with the character she plays in exploration epic Lost City of Z  it's that she's not afraid to air her views  loud and clear. So much so that she altered a script when she thought Nina Fawcett was appearing as too much of a stereotypical "wife" - with the director framing the scrawled-on piece of paper. The film - based on a true story - is about explorer Percy Fawcett  played by Charlie Hunnam  and his quest to find a mysterious lost city in the heart of the Amazon. His first mission in 1906  accompanied by surveying partner Henry Costin (played by Robert Pattinson)  sees them return with apparent evidence that this previously undiscovered community exists. Percy is drawn to return again and again  while his wife supports him and raises their family.			Legit
Business			 How a Red State City Fell in Love With Muslim Immigrants			Every week  hosts Dan Moss and Scott Lanman bring you a jargon-free dive into the stories that drive the global economy. Post-industrial Midwestern America helped propel Donald Trump to the nation's top job. You've heard that a hundred times. But did you hear about St Louis? A wave of Bosnian refugees  many of them Muslim  arrive in the city  starting in the mid-1990s. The result: a surge in business and job creation  revitalization of the community and help in the transition from a manufacturing to a service economy. Sadik Kukic tells Dan and Michelle about his journey from Balkan concentration camps to a pillar of the local community: He's now president of the Bosnian Chamber of Commerce. What could be more American?			Legit
Sports			 Dai Young tells Wasps backline to raise work rate against Leinster			Wasps' star-studded backline have been urged to show more "belly for the fight" if they intend to transform the club from great entertainers into title winners. No team in England has scored more tries than the Premiership leaders but the head coach  Dai Young  has warned his squad that scintillating attack alone will not earn a European semi-final at Leinster's expense on Saturday. The range of crowd-pleasing talent at Wasps' disposal behind the scrum is almost reminiscent of the Harlem Globetrotters  with Kurtley Beale  Willie le Roux  Christian Wade and Danny Cipriani capable of electrifying a game at any moment. Young  though  has no desire to be seen as the Kevin Keegan of rugby union coaching  applauded for the spectacular way his side attack but without any trophies to show for it.			Legit
Business			Westinghouse Electric is filing for bankruptcy			Toshiba has been hit with billions of dollars of losses from problems at Westinghouse's nuclear operations. The Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing allows Toshiba (TOSBF) to limit exposure to future losses at Westinghouse. The Japanese firm said in a statement Wednesday that Westinghouse will no longer be under its control and will be deconsolidated from its financial results. Westinghouse is what is left today of what was once a major industrial conglomerate that helped change the world during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Founder George Westinghouse  a prolific inventor  started making air brakes which greatly improved the safety of train travel and freight transportation. He was a key advocate of alternating electrical current that is still used around the globe today  rather than the direct current which had been pioneered by Thomas Edison.			Legit
Education			School Choice Fails to Make a Difference			This is the kind of news that school-choice advocates and skeptics alike need to pay attention to: The Economist magazine reports that a team of academic economists found that students who won a lottery in Louisiana to receive vouchers to go to the public or private school of their choice did worse than students who didn't win the lottery.			Legit
Sports			 State of Sport: Amateur doping findings 'concern' sports minister			The extent of doping in amateur sport - revealed by a poll for the BBC - is a "concern"  says sports minister Tracey Crouch. A BBC State of Sport investigation found more than a third (35%) of amateur sports people say they personally know someone who has doped. Half said performance-enhancing substance use is "widespread" among those who play competitive sport. Crouch said doping was "absolutely unacceptable in any level of sport". She added: "I think there is still more that sports governing bodies can do on this front  working alongside UK Anti-Doping  to help promote clean sport." The investigation into doping in UK amateur sport also found 8% of amateur sports people said they had taken steroids  while 49% thought performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) were "easily available" among people who play sports regularly.			Legit
Sports			 LeBron James tried to wear silly-looking sunglasses against Wizards			LeBron James  who suffered a scratched cornea against the Charlotte Hornets on Friday  nearly made a bold - and apparently illegal - decision ahead of Saturday's matchup with the Washington Wizards. To protect his eye  which was reportedly sensitive to light  the Cleveland Cavaliers star tried to don a pair of ridiculous-looking sunglasses in the game. However  as the 32-year-old was modeling them ahead of the game for teammate Richard Jefferson's Snapchat  the NBA reportedly put the kibosh on James's highly questionable choice. According to CSN's Chris Miller  the league "did not approve" of the shades  which look an awful lot like a standard pair of Oakleys.			Legit
Education			Schools in rural areas shifting toward a 4-day week			For once, both teachers and their students agree that less school is a good thing. Or at least less frequent school.			Legit
Entertainment			 Pharrell the musical: Coming to a screen near you			He's familiar as an award-winning music producer and singer-songwriter but what is known about Pharrell Williams' early life? If the answer is "not much"  that could soon change as Williams' youth is to inspire a big-screen musical  according to The Hollywood Reporter. Williams  43  will produce Atlantis - described as Romeo and Juliet with songs. Broadway director Michael Mayer will act as the project's guiding hand. Mayer is best known for productions such Spring Awakening  for which he won a Tony award  as well as American Idiot  based on the music of Green Day. Atlantis' writer will be Martin Hynes  who is currently working on the fourth Toy Story film.			Legit
Entertainment			Why Superman is missing in the 'Justice League' trailer			After the full "Justice League" trailer dropped on Saturday  many fans had one major question: "Where is Superman?" Some said the clip  which features the likes of Batman  the Flash  Aquaman and Wonder Woman  isn't complete without the Man of Steel. Although he hasn't yet made an appearance in the "Justice League" trailers (the first one was released last year at Comic-Con)  Henry Cavill  who plays Superman  is listed on IMDB in the "Justice League" cast. So  he's coming back somehow. Furthermore  the clip from this weekend was the first to feature Amy Adams  who plays Clark Kent's love interest  Lois Lane. If you recall from "Batman v Superman  the Flash travels back in time and mentions Lois is the key to something. Another teaser at the end of Dawn of Justice" was the floating dirt on Superman's grave. This was director Zack Snyder's best effort to tell fans he's most definitely coming back. Snyder so far has been mum about these important details. Snyder did  however  speak to USA Today over the weekend and touched on the imminent comeback of one of the greatest heroes in comic book history. "It's hard to have a 'Justice League' without Superman. That's how I feel about it  he said. It was always a super-intriguing concept to me to have this opportunity to have him make that sacrifice but also have him be this  in a weird sort of way  the why of 'Justice League:' What do you do now with him? What does the team think? What does the world need? All that comes into play. It's fun for us but it'll be interesting for audiences what we do with him."			Legit
Business			 UK banks asked to draw up plans to show they are prepared for Brexit			The Bank of England has asked UK banks  insurers and other financial institutions to draw up comprehensive plans for how they will deal with Britain's exit from the European Union  and will scrutinise them closely. Two days before Theresa May's government plans to trigger article 50 and begin two years of negotiation over the UK's departure  the Bank said City institutions would have to provide copies of contingency plans to reassure regulators that they were ready for "a range of possible outcomes". The Bank's financial policy committee (FPC) said after its last quarterly meeting: "Risks to financial stability will be influenced by the orderliness of the adjustment to the new relationship between the UK and EU. The FPC will oversee contingency plans to mitigate risks to financial stability as the process unfolds.			Legit
Politics			Judge rejects Stein's request for hand recount in Wis.			MADISON, Wis. - Green Party candidate Jill Stein paid $3.5 million Tuesday to clear the way for Wisconsin's presidential vote recount but had a judge reject her lawsuit to require all Wisconsin counties to do the recount by hand.			Legit
Politics			White House keeps up sanctuary cities pressure with funding threat			Washington (CNN)Attorney General Jeff Sessions outlined Monday how the Trump administration will use federal funds to crack down on "sanctuary cities" and states that choose not to comply with federal immigration laws, as it has threatened to do since January.			Legit
Entertainment			Tomb Raider: First pic of Alicia Vikander as Lara Croft released			It's dusty work being a Tomb Raider  as the first picture of Alicia Vikander as Lara Croft reveals. The Swedish Oscar-winner takes over from Angelina Jolie in the latest film to be drawn from the popular video game franchise. Described as a reboot  the film is said to be an origins tale drawn from the plot of the Tomb Raider game released in 2013. Directed by the fabulously named Roar Uthaug  it's due out in March 2018. Vikander  who won an Oscar for The Danish Girl  describes Lara as "a truly iconic character" who acts as "a model for many young women". "She's trying to carve out her place in the world and connect her future with her past  the 28-year-old told Vanity Fair. Norwegian director Uthaug said the film - which also stars Dominic West as Croft's father - would focus not only on Lara's strength and physical accomplishments but her humanity".			Legit
Politics			Hillary Clinton, Mocking and Taunting in Debate, Turns the Tormentor			She mansplained him. "Let me translate that if I can," Hillary Clinton said dryly after Donald J. Trump talked up his tax plan.			Legit
Sports			 Indian Wells: Roger Federer beats Stan Wawrinka to win BNP Paribas Open			Australian Open champion Roger Federer beat Stan Wawrinka 6-4 7-5 in an all-Swiss final to win the BNP Paribas Open - his fifth Indian Wells triumph. World number 10 Federer claimed the first set before being broken for the first time at this year's tournament in the first game of the second set. Wawrinka  the world number three  went 2-0 ahead before Federer won three games in a row on his way to the title. Elena Vesnina beat Svetlana Kuznetsova 6-7 (6-8) 7-5 6-4 in the women's final. Federer becomes the oldest champion in the tournament's history  surpassing Jimmy Connors  who was 31 when he triumphed in 1984. This was the 23rd meeting between Federer  an 18-time Grand Slam winner  and Wawrinka. Federer  35  has beaten his compatriot  who was in tears at the end  20 times. "This has been a fairy tale week  said Federer. It's a beautiful feeling. Maybe it's not as surprising as Australia but it's still great to back it up by winning in America.			Legit
Business			 Toshiba's Westinghouse files for US bankruptcy			Westinghouse  Toshiba's US nuclear unit  has filed for US bankruptcy protection. The US firm has struggled with hefty losses that have thrown its Japanese parent into a crisis  putting the conglomerate's future at risk. Westinghouse has suffered huge cost overruns at two US projects in Georgia and South Carolina. Toshiba said the bankruptcy would not affect Westinghouse's UK operation  which employs more than 1 000 workers. However  the firm warned that the writedown of its US nuclear business could see Toshiba's total losses last year exceed 1 trillion yen ($9.1bn; £7.3bn)  almost triple its previous estimate. The Japanese government confirmed on Wednesday that it was aware of Toshiba's plans.			Legit
Entertainment			Bill O'Reilly apologizes after making racially charged joke about congresswoman			Fox News host Bill O'Reilly apologized Tuesday after coming under fire for mocking a black congresswoman's hair. During an appearance on "Fox & Friends  O'Reilly reacted to a clip of Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) delivering a speech on the floor of the House of Representatives. I didn't hear a word she said  O'Reilly said of Waters. I was looking at the James Brown wig." "If we have a picture of James Brown -- it's the same wig  he added. The remarks were widely denounced as both racist and sexist on Twitter, where O'Reilly's name was trending Tuesday morning and afternoon. In a statement Tuesday afternoon, O'Reilly expressed regret for the remarks. As I have said many times  I respect Congresswoman Maxine Waters for being sincere in her beliefs  he said. I said that again today on Fox & Friends calling her 'old school.' Unfortunately  I also made a jest about her hair which was dumb. I apologize."			Legit
Education			The Teacher Shortage Crisis Is Here			As students headed back to school this year in and around Tampa, Florida, thousands of teacher positions had yet to be filled. It followed a year in which tens of thousands of teachers were hired on emergency or temporary credentials to help fill empty slots around the country - 900 of them in Oklahoma alone. And in Arizona, which has one of the highest teacher turnover rates in the country, school districts routinely report having unfilled teaching positions three months into the school year.			Legit
Education			Betsy DeVos's Education Hearing Erupts Into Partisan Debate			WASHINGTON - At her confirmation hearing on Tuesday to be education secretary, Betsy DeVos vigorously defended her work steering taxpayer dollars from traditional public schools, arguing that it was time to move away from a "one size fits all" system and toward newer models for students from preschool to college.			Legit
Politics			Biden: Trump should apologize for Obama wiretap claim			Joe Biden said President Donald Trump should apologize to former President Barack Obama for his accusation that the Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower.			Legit
Politics			Sources: FBI investigation continues into 'odd' computer link between Russian bank and Trump Organization			(CNN)Federal investigators and computer scientists continue to examine whether there was a computer server connection between the Trump Organization and a Russian bank, sources close to the investigation tell CNN.			Legit
Sports			 Chelsea make Arsenal's Alexis Sánchez their No1 summer transfer target			Chelsea have made Arsenal's Alexis Sánchez their main summer transfer target and Antonio Conte has discussed the possibility of bringing the Chilean to Stamford Bridge with the club's hierarchy. The Italian manager is in talks with Chelsea over a new contract and  as part of that  summer transfers have been discussed. Conte has submitted to the club's recruitment team  effectively headed by the director Marina Granovskaia and technical director  Michael Emenalo  a list of players he would like to sign  with Sánchez and a left-sided defender among the priorities.			Legit
Sports			Sarah Wiltshire and Asha Francis on juggling motherhood with sporting ambition			Midnight feeds  training sessions  netting goals and nappy changes are all things athletes Sarah Wiltshire and Asha Francis are juggling with their newborn babies. Less than seven weeks after giving birth to daughter Alexa-Rose  25-year-old striker Wiltshire will spend her first Mother's Day on the football pitch playing for Cambridge United Women. "She will be there with my mum and that will mean a lot to me because they are my two favourite ladies  Wiltshire told BBC Sport. She seems to be sleeping every time that I play or train  but at some point she will have to watch." Meanwhile  versatile Team Bath attacker Francis  31  will spend part of Mothering Sunday coaching the netball Superleague club's feeder side before returning home to her five-month-old daughter Paige and three-year-old Elise. Francis  a former England and Singapore international  returned to action in Britain's top-flight competition less than five months after giving birth to her second daughter.			Legit
Business			Tesco to pay £129m fine over accounting scandal			Tesco is to pay out £235m to settle investigations by the Serious Fraud Office and Financial Conduct Authority into the 2014 accounting scandal that rocked Britain's biggest retailer. It will pay a fine of £129m as part of a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) with the SFO  although this deal requires court approval. The DPA relates to Tesco subsidiary Tesco Stores Ltd. The supermarket group has separately agreed with the FCA to pay about £85m in compensation to investors affected by a trading statement on 29 August 2014 that overstated profits. Tesco will also pay legal costs associated with the agreements and said the total exceptional charge was expected to be £235m.			Legit
Politics			Donald Trump Won't Say if He'll Accept Result of Election			In a remarkable statement that seemed to cast doubt on American democracy, Donald J. Trump said Wednesday that he might not accept the results of next month's election if he felt it was rigged against him - a stand that Hillary Clinton blasted as "horrifying" at their final and caustic debate on Wednesday.			Legit
Entertainment			 The writing on the wall			A new exhibition explores the history of modern urban graffiti - from its roots in the inner cities of Philadelphia and New York  through to the present day global graffiti movement. Masters of Invention - at the Lettering Arts Centre in Suffolk - looks at the emergence of simple personal tags in the late 1960s  to highly intricate contemporary forms of this urban art. It is curated by Errol Donald - a former graffiti artist whose work below was displayed in the UK's first exhibition dedicated to graffiti  in Bristol  more than 30 years ago.			Legit
Entertainment			 Channel 4 'could move out of London'			Proposals on whether to move Channel 4 out of London will be considered as part of a government consultation. Plans to privatise the TV company have been shelved  but where it spends its money is also under review  Culture Secretary Karen Bradley has announced. She said the government wants "the benefits of this national asset to be spread far and wide  not just in London". Channel 4 said a "substantial relocation would be highly damaging". The government carried out an 18-month review of the publicly-owned channel  which has more than 800 staff but fewer than 30 based outside central London. Ms Bradley will outline the consultation plans at the Nations and Regions Media Conference in Salford on Wednesday.			Legit
Business			Renegotiate Nafta? Mexicans Say Get On With It			For more than two decades  free trade has been at the heart of Mexico's relationship with America  responsible for pumping a stream of vehicles  audio components and avocados north and cheap corn  cattle and software south. To the nation's leaders  it was central  vital  nonnegotiable. At least until President Trump came along  promising to upend nearly $500 billion in annual trade between the two countries if it could not be re-engineered more in America's favor. Now  the Mexico's leaders have a new priority: urging their American counterparts to hurry up and get on with it. While free trade has long been an article of faith in Mexico  uncertainty over the fate of the North American Free Trade Agreement is hitting the country hard.			Legit
Business			 Aircraft orders increase tenfold in a year in boost for UK manufacturing			The global aerospace industry enjoyed a surge in aircraft orders in February  putting it on track for another record year of deliveries and boosting the UK economy. The number of commercial aircraft ordered by airlines jumped to 43 last month from just four in February 2016  according to ADS  the industry trade association. The figures are based on orders for the planemakers Airbus  Boeing  Canada's Bombardier  the Chinese state-owned firm Comac and Russia's Irkut. Growth was driven mainly by demand for single-aisle planes designed for short-haul travel. The industry delivered 100 aircraft to customers over the month  with a value of up to £2bn to the UK economy. This value is from research and development and the manufacturing that take place in the country. Airbus employs about 15 000 people in the UK and makes the wings for its planes at its factory in Broughton  north Wales.			Legit
Entertainment			First reactions to 'Pirates of the Caribbean 5' at CinemaCon			The Walt Disney Studios unveiled the fifth installment in their "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise "Dead Men Tell No Tales" Tuesday night at CinemaCon in Las Vegas. Initial reactions from those in attendance  including press  theater owners and exhibitors  were largely positive  celebrating a return to form for the franchise and the well-done VFX. Official reviews are under embargo until May 22. The swashbuckling film sees the return of Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow and Geoffrey Rush as Barbossa and introduces a new young cast including Brenton Thwaites and Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem plays a ghostly villain with a vengeance as they all search for the trident of Poseidon on the high seas. Orlando Bloom also returns as Will Sparrow  who hasn't been in a "Pirates" film since 2007's "At World's End." "Dead Men Tell No Tales" is the first "Pirates" film since 2011's "On Stranger Tides" and the first to be directed by Joachim R?nning and Espen Sandberg. To date  the franchise has grossed over $3.73 billion worldwide for the studio  and there is some pressure on this fifth film to continue the enormous successes of the previous films while also redeeming its lagging reputation.			Legit
Entertainment			Reese Witherspoon posts heartfelt message on 6th wedding anniversary			Oscar-winner Reese Witherspoon took to Instagram on Sunday to post a heartfelt anniversary message to her husband of six years  agent Jim Toth. "Six years ago I was lucky enough to marry this wonderful man. He makes me laugh everyday and supports me in everything I do. Happy anniversary  JT! Here's to many more!" she wrote next to a picture of the happy couple watching the sunset on the beach. The "Big Little lies" star married Toth in 2011 in California. They are parents to son Tennessee  4. It's been a big week in other ways for Witherspoon  as she celebrated her 41st birthday. "On top of the world from all of your sweet birthday wishes!" she wrote in an earlier post. "There's nothing better than celebrating my birthday with my wonderful kids!" she added in another Insta pic.			Legit
Technology			A surprise new iPhone is here -- and it's red			Apple (AAPL, Tech30) unveiled Tuesday a special red version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, to commemorate the 10-year partnership between the tech giant and Red, an organization that helps fights AIDS. The special edition iPhones, which feature a red aluminum body, will come in 128GB and 256GB models starting at $749.			Legit
Technology			Are Autonomous Cars Ready to Go It Alone?			Training wheels for autonomous vehicles come in the shape of a human behind the wheel. But when you remove the safety driver from a robotic car, two tons of metal is let loose.			Legit
Politics			Tax reform the next big ticket item on Trump's legislative agenda			The morning after President Donald Trump failed to deliver on his campaign promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, he reassured the country a new plan will be on the way.			Legit
Politics			Homeland Security suspends travel ban			Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump's government moved swiftly Saturday to comply with a federal judge's order halting his travel ban -- even as Trump himself denounced the judge -- but readied its legal defense of the controversial executive action.			Legit
Sports			Lewis Hamilton believes he can beat Sebastian Vettel to world title			Britain's Lewis Hamilton says he is confident he can beat Sebastian Vettel to the world title this year despite defeat at the Australian Grand Prix. Hamilton finished second to the German in the season opener in Melbourne after losing the lead following pressure from the Ferrari driver's superior pace. Hamilton said: "It is going to be a close race. I truly believe we can beat them. It's great to see Ferrari there. "It's good we had this close battle. I'm looking forward to the next." Hamilton led from pole position but struggled for pace in the opening laps and after an early pit stop was held up by Red Bull's Max Verstappen  allowing Vettel to get ahead. Hamilton said: "I wouldn't say I'm happy. But all things in perspective. To see where we have come from  with massive rule changes and to come here and be battling so close for a win and missing out marginally  there are a lot of things to be proud of. "We could have won the race but I gave it everything I could and you can't do more. Take the strength of the weekend."			Legit
Education			Harvard Law, Moving to Diversify Applicant Pool, Will Accept GRE Scores			Harvard Law School, moving to open its doors to a larger, more diverse pool of applicants, said on Wednesday that it would accept the graduate record examination, known as the GRE, for the admission of students entering its fall 2018 class.			Legit
Entertainment			 Scarlett Johansson opens up about 'Ghost in the Shell'			Actress Scarlett Johansson opened up about her new film  "Ghost in the Shell  addressing the controversy surrounding her being cast as the heroine and discussing the difficulties of being a woman in Hollywood, in an interview with Good Morning America" anchor Michael Strahan that aired today. Johansson said that when "Ghost in the Shell" was first brought to her attention it "seemed incredibly daunting  adding that her daughter was still very young, and my head space was not at all like  in the 'Ghost in the Shell.'" "But I thought  gosh  it's really hard to turn down the opportunity to be front and center for something that has such a built-in fanbase that's like  so dedicated and totally obsessed  the actress said. And also  you know  to be able to have the studio back something like this  Johansson added, as an actor ... as a woman  it's rare. I hope it's not always so rare  but it is."			Legit
Sports			As Bernie Ecclestone Departs			Formula One Enters New Era  "When the inaugural race of the 2017 Formula One season starts in Melbourne  Australia  on Sunday  it will mark the first time in 43 years that Bernie Ecclestone will not be running the racing series. He was swept aside in late January when the Liberty Media Corporation  the Colorado-based company whose chairman is John C. Malone  completed its purchase of a 35.5 percent stake of Formula One. So while Ecclestone  86  was an outsize personality who often dominated the headlines  occasionally overshadowing what was happening on the track  this season's questions are all about the changes to the cars  whether the Mercedes team really can win the drivers' and constructors' championships for a fourth year in a row  and what the new owners have in store for Formula One. Formula One Management is now run by Chase Carey  the former executive vice chairman of 21st Century Fox  who said when he was appointed chief executive that the business  and the sport  has not reached full potential. He said the races need to be more of a spectacle  becoming "21 Super Bowls  with weeklong extravaganzas with entmt and music that capture a whole city."			Legit
Politics			Neil deGrasse Tyson goes supernova on Trump budget			(CNN)Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson believes President Donald Trump's first proposed budget could make America "weak," "sick" and "stupid."			Legit
Sports			 Bruno: Convicted of murdering ex-girlfriend			goalkeeper makes controversial return to soccer  After serving seven years in prison for killing his ex-girlfriend and feeding her to dogs  Brazilian goalkeeper Bruno Fernandes de Souza is controversially back in the game  signed by Boa Esporte for two years. Fans and sponsors of the Brazilian second-division side quickly denounced the move but so far Boa Esporte isn't backing down. In a lengthy post on its Facebook page  Boa Esporte's president  Rone Moraes da Costa  says the team isn't committing any crimes by signing the 32-year-old who formerly played for one of Brazil's most famous clubs -- Flamengo -- and was tipped to line up for the national team at the 2014 World Cup on home soil.			Legit
Education			Trump's Pick for Education Could Face Unusually Stiff Resistance			Nominees for secretary of education have typically breezed through confirmation by the Senate with bipartisan approval.			Legit
Business			 Millions of UK workers at risk of being replaced by robots			study says  "More than 10 million UK workers are at high risk of being replaced by robots within 15 years as the automation of routine tasks gathers pace in a new machine age. A report by the consultancy firm PwC found that 30% of jobs in Britain were potentially under threat from breakthroughs in artificial intelligence (AI). In some sectors half the jobs could go. The report predicted that automation would boost productivity and create fresh job opportunities  but it said action was needed to prevent the widening of inequality that would result from robots increasingly being used for low-skill tasks. PwC said 2.25 million jobs were at high risk in wholesale and retailing – the sector that employs most people in the UK – and 1.2 million were under threat in manufacturing  1.1 million in administrative and support services and 950 000 in transport and storage.			Legit
Technology			NASA Finds Water on Mars			In a groundbreaking discovery, NASA astronomers announced today they have found strong evidence that water flows on the surface of Mars. The finding makes it much more likely that life may exist or could have existed on the planet.			Legit
Sports			http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/28/football/football-messi-argentina-ban/index.html			Argentina felt the loss of the suspended Lionel Messi as they were beaten 2-0 by Bolivia in La Paz in a key World Cup qualifying game. Barcelona star Messi was hit with a four-game ban by football's governing body FIFA and fined $10 000 just hours before the game after verbally abusing a match official in a win over Chile on March 24. He will also miss upcoming games against Uruguay  Paraguay and Venezuela. Barcelona released a statement Wednesday expressing its "surprise and indignation" at the FIFA Disciplinary Committee's decision  branding the length of the ban "unfair and totally disproportionate."			Legit
Sports			Jason Witten signs new four-year deal with Dallas Cowboys			Dallas tight end Jason Witten has signed a four-year contract extension that virtually guarantees the 14-year veteran will spend his entire career with the Cowboys. The deal Witten signed on Tuesday runs through to 2021 and leaves the final year of the two-time All Pro's current contract intact. The extension has a maximum value of $29m with no new guaranteed money and gives the Cowboys the flexibility to restructure and create about $4m in salary cap space. Witten  who turns 35 in May  is one of two tight ends in NFL history with at least 1 000 catches and 10 000 yards receiving. The other is Tony Gonzalez  who retired in 2013 after 17 seasons.			Legit
Politics			Trump calls Democrats 'losers' after GOP health bill failure			President Donald Trump spoke out Friday afternoon after Republicans pulled the Obamacare overhaul he had endorsed, criticizing Democratic opposition to the bill and passing off the responsibility for its failure.			Legit
Politics			AQAP trying to hide explosives in laptop batteries, official says			Washington (CNN)Intelligence obtained in recent weeks found that an al Qaeda affiliate was perfecting techniques for hiding explosives in batteries and battery compartments of electronic devices, according to a US official.			Legit
Technology			The oldest Vespa in existence is up for auction			If you dream of zipping around Rome on a classic Vespa like Audrey Hepburn, then listen up. The world's oldest Vespa is up for auction.			Legit
Entertainment			'DWTS': First couple eliminated is...			The first celeb booted from "Dancing With the Stars" was criticized for being "so stiff." Unfortunately Chris Kattan can't help that because of a crippling injury in his past. The former "SNL" star shared in a video on the show Monday night that he had broken his neck 14 years ago and has had multiple surgeries since then which affect his range of motion. "Part of what I used to do was physical comedy  but now I can't  Kattan said with tears in his eyes. It's really sad when somebody says  'I miss the old Chris.' That sucks to hear." His dance partner  Witney Carson  was also moved to tears after Kattan showed her an x-ray of his back with all the surgical pins he has. "It's crazy that somebody can have that happen to them  and then be brave enough to try something like this  she said.			Legit
Entertainment			 Jake Gyllenhaal opens up about 'Life' and his friendship with Ryan Reynolds			The Oscar-nominated actor Jake Gyllenhaal opened up about his role in the new sci-fi thriller "Life" in an interview with "Good Morning America" anchor Michael Strahan that aired today and also spoke out about his friendship with co-star Ryan Reynolds. In "Life  Gyllenhaal plays Dr. David Jordan, who is leading a crew on a mission to discover life on Mars. He said his character looked at humanity ... and was a real cynic." "He'd seen a lot of tough stuff as a doctor. I think he worked in war-torn areas and stuff  Gyllenhaal said of his character, adding that he maybe hoped that space would be as we all hope  the new frontier." "It was interesting to play a character like that  because I feel the same way sometimes about things that are going on down here  he said. But I think being here and staying here  particularly in this country  you know  now and in the world  is the most important thing." Gyllenhaal added that he would not go into outer space even if he could  saying  "I'd like my feet on the ground  you know."			Legit
Business			 House sends bill rolling back Internet privacy protections to Trump			Congress sent proposed legislation to President Trump on Tuesday that wipes away landmark online privacy protections  the first salvo in what is likely to become a significant reworking of the rules governing Internet access in an era of Republican dominance.  In a party-line vote  House Republicans freed Internet service providers such as Verizon  AT&T and Comcast from restrictions approved just last year that had sought to limit what companies could do with information such as customer browsing habits  app usage history  location data and Social Security numbers. The rules had also required providers to strengthen safeguards for customer data against hackers and thieves.			Legit
Sports			 Maria Sharapova claims she 'fought for truth' as tennis doping ban return nears			Maria Sharapova said she feels vindicated by the reduction of her doping suspension  adding that she "fought hard for the truth" as she prepares to return to tennis after a 15-month ban . Russia's former world No1 was initially barred for two years after testing positive at the 2016 Australian Open for meldonium  a medication she had been taking for 10 years within the rules  but that was reclassified as a banned drug. She will return at April's Porsche Grand Prix thanks to a wildcard entry and says she feels she has got her "day job back".			Legit
Sports			Baseball Is Practically a Water Sport to the Mets' Granderson			Even for 10 minutes  Curtis Granderson can't restrain himself. On a recent morning here in spring training  before the start of his 12th full major league season  he was talking about how  at age 36  he will handle the rigors of chasing down balls in center field. As he talked  he asked for a brief timeout and reached for the 12-ounce water bottle he had left on the floor beside his locker. This was his sixth bottle of the day  and it wasn't yet noon. There would likely be another six before the day was done. "You always see him just crushing water  said his fellow outfielder Michael Conforto, who is 12 years younger than Granderson. Granderson drinks by the sip. He values that over chugging because he believes it gives his body a constant flow of essential fluids. He is also a firm believer in room-temperature water, because he can't drink as much when the water is cold. Thus, a 24-pack of 12-ounce bottles is always adjacent to his locker.			Legit
Education			STEM Students Create Winning Invention			STREAMWOOD, Ill. (AP) -- It's a small generator that could power a small light, but the invention could pay some big dividends for a group of Streamwood High School students.			Legit
Education			Survey Finds College Applications from International Students Down			Colleges and universities in the U.S. could see a sharp decline in enrollment of international students if initial figures from a survey are an early indicator of what's to come.			Legit
Technology			Samsung Galaxy Note 7 banned on all U.S. flights due to fire hazard			Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones will be banned from all airline flights after nearly 100 incidents of the devices overheating and sometimes injuring owners, the Transportation Department announced Friday.			Legit
Sports			 Brazil 3-0 Paraguay: Philippe Coutinho and Neymar book World Cup spot			Philippe Coutinho and Neymar scored as Brazil qualified for the 2018 World Cup in Russia with a dominant 3-0 win over Paraguay on Tuesday. Liverpool's Coutinho  who was due to fly back on a private jet after the game with Roberto Firmino ahead of the Merseyside derby  opened the scoring in the 34th minute. Neymar capped an eventful evening with a goal in the second half before Marcelo added a late third. Barcelona forward Neymar  captaining the side  missed a penalty and saw an effort chalked off for offside on an evening when he was routinely on the end of rough treatment from the Paraguay defenders. Their 10th win of the qualifying campaign sees Brazil become the first country to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.			Legit
Entertainment			Chrissy Teigen			Patricia Arquette and more react to United Airlines leggings incident  "After United Airlines barred two girls from boarding a flight this weekend because they were wearing leggings  which the company said is part of their policy for relatives and friends of employees who travel for free on standby  actors and activists have taken to social media to criticize the airline's choices in the incident. Activist Shannon Watts first tweeted the incident early Sunday  writing  "A @united gate agent isn't letting girls in leggings get on flight from Denver to Minneapolis because spandex is not allowed?" Watts is a mother of five and the founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America. After major news outlets picked up reports of the incident in Denver  a spokesman for the airline confirmed the report to ABC News  adding that two teens weren't allowed on the flight because leggings are "not in compliance with dress code policy for company benefit travel  a program that lets the airline's workers and their families travel for free, but within certain guidelines. There are different rules for these privileges because people are flying for free  the spokesperson added.			Legit
Entertainment			 Sir Paul McCartney on Lennon			Kanye and his own musical legacy  "Sir Paul McCartney's final album of the '80s  Flowers in the Dirt  is regarded as one of his best of the decade. He teamed up with new musicians  new producers and a new songwriting partner in the form of Elvis Costello and it inspired his first world tour in 10 years. Now  as the record is re-released  complete with previously unheard demos  Sir Paul speaks to BBC 6 Music's Matt Everitt about collaborating with Costello  Kanye West and Michael Jackson - but why he'll never work with anyone better than John Lennon. Sir Paul also reveals he's working on a new album with Adele's producer  and what he thinks his musical legacy will be.			Legit
Education			How Companies and Colleges Can Get the U.S. Back to Work			Last Friday, the Labor Department announced that the U.S. economy had enjoyed a record 76 consecutive months with job gains. Yet at the same time, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce reports that 5.6 million jobs remain unfilled because of a pernicious "skills gap" -- or mismatch between employers' needs and workers' abilities. In a Business Roundtable survey, 45 percent of C-suite executives say hiring is particularly difficult in so-called STEM fields, those requiring expertise in science, technology, engineering and math. 			Legit
Technology			_Impossible Foods to supersize production of lab-grown burger			It's not easy to sink your teeth into one of Impossible Foods' lab-grown meatless hamburgers. After all, you can only get them at eight US restaurants.			Legit
Business			 Brexit boost: Qatar will invest another $6 billion in U.K.			The gas-rich Gulf state has already invested about £40 billion ($50 billion) in Britain  where it owns a string of trophy assets including the Harrods department store and the Shard -- western Europe's tallest building. Prime Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser Al Thani said Qatar would spend another £5 billion ($6.3 billion) over the next 3 to 5 years on energy  infrastructure  real estate and other sectors. The news comes as Prime Minister Theresa May prepares to trigger the official EU exit process on Wednesday. "We are looking beyond the boundaries of our own continent  ready to embrace all the opportunities of this new era  said Liam Fox, U.K. secretary of state for international trade.			Legit
Education			Wi-Fi Microscopes Help Texas Students With Science			CORPUS CHRISTI, Texas (AP) - Once students began opting to trade in precious recess time for more time in the classroom, Teri Gonzalez knew the school's investment had paid off. 			Legit
Entertainment			Emma Thompson felt 'too fat' to live in LA			British actress Emma Thompson has said she never moved to Los Angeles because she felt she was deemed "too fat" when she visited. "It is a strange place and I couldn't live there  she told Swedish chat show Skavlan. The Oscar winner also condemned the pressure on actresses to be thin. The anorexia - there are so many kids  girls and boys now  and actresses who are very  very thin  who are into their 30s  [and] simply don't eat  she said. The star also revealed she threatened to quit working on 2008 film Brideshead Revisited in reaction to a co-star who had been told to shed the pounds. She said: The producers said to her  'Will you lose some weight?'. She was absolutely exquisite. "I said to them  'If you speak to her about this again  on any level  I will leave this picture. You are never to do that'.			Legit
Education			Healthier Cereals Snare a Spot on New York School Menus			The New York City public school system has quietly replaced breakfast cereals made by the Kellogg Company, the titan whose name is virtually synonymous with cereal, with those from a small California upstart called Back to the Roots.			Legit
Business			Why Silicon Valley isn't fighting to save the Internet (yet)			We thought we'd never have to pull this out again  one member of the singing activist group said at a tech industry rally against President Trump in San Francisco earlier this month. Then the Grannies launched into their protest song: Say to Comcast  to Verizon and to AT&T: Hands off the Internet  it must be free." The chant stood out at the protest  as the gathering mostly focused on Silicon Valley's fight with Trump over the travel ban. It also stands out as one of the few moments since Trump's inauguration when net neutrality took center stage in Silicon Valley. The net neutrality rules  approved by the Federal Communications Commission in 2015  are intended to keep the Internet open and fair. The rules prevent Internet providers from playing favorites by deliberately speeding up or slowing down traffic from specific websites and apps.			Legit
Politics			Meet James Robart, the judge who halted Trump's immigration ban			The federal judge who blocked President Trump's immigration ban spent more than 30 years in private practice before taking the bench, giving up a lucrative career that saw him representing breweries, energy companies and Southeast Asian immigrants.			Legit
Entertainment			 Demi Lovato does a perfect teen impression			Demi Lovato does  like  a totally legit impression of a teen. Lovato appeared on "The Tonight Show" Monday night an took part in Jimmy Fallon's reoccurring "Ew!" skit. The requirements included wearing a ridiculously sparkly top  pigtails and locking lips with a pillow plastered with singer Ed Sheeran's face. The pillow was dubbed a "crush cushion" by Fallon's character in the skit. While Lovato practiced her smooching skills with her Sheeran pillow  Fallon puckered up to a pillow featuring "Extra" host Mario Lopez's face.			Legit
Technology			Fruit-shaped sensor 'can improve freshness'			A new fruit-shaped sensor could help cargo companies to keep fruit fresher in transit, researchers say.			Legit
Technology			Super Mario Run makes leap to Android			The wildly popular Super Mario Run smartphone game is now available for play on Android devices, Nintendo said Wednesday.			Legit
Technology			Uber Self-Driving Car Tests Resume Three Days After Crash			Uber Technologies Inc.'s self-driving cars were back on public roads Monday, three days after a crash in Arizona put the company's testing program on hold.			Legit
Sports			Brazil qualify for 2018 World Cup after Coutinho and Neymar down Paraguay			Brazil have become the first team to qualify for the 2018 World Cup  maintaining their proud record as the tournament's only ever-present side with a little help from Lionel Messi's foul mouth and lightly regarded Peru. The five-times champions beat Paraguay 3-0 on Tuesday for their eighth successive win in the South American qualifying competition. That in itself was not enough to confirm their participation in Russia but Peru's surprise 2-1 win over Uruguay in a later game guaranteed Brazil a top-four finish.			Legit
Education			Students Experiment With Drones for 4-H National Youth Science Day			More than 100,000 K-12 students across the country experimented with engineering, coding and design in the 4-H National Youth Science Day "Drone Discovery Challenge" Wednesday.			Legit
Technology			Yahoo Reveals Massive Breach of Data from 500M Accounts			Popular web portal Yahoo said today that it believes a "state-sponsored actor" stole information relating to some 500 million user accounts from its network at the end of 2014.			Legit
Education			Administration Sets New Rules for Federal Child Care Program			The Obama administration set new standards and quality control measures for the federal child care subsidy program Friday, requiring states to perform criminal background checks on educators and to conduct annual unannounced inspections at child care centers.			Legit
Entertainment			 Sean Spicer tells reporter to 'stop shaking your head'			White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told a reporter to "stop shaking your head" during an exchange at his daily press briefing Tuesday. Spicer appeared annoyed by April Ryan  Washington bureau chief for American Urban Radio Networks  when she asked what President Trump's administration would do to revamp its image following reports of its ties to Russia. Spicer objected to the premise  saying: "I appreciate your agenda here. At some point  report the facts." He said there has been no proven collusion between Trump associates and Russian officials over interference in last year's election  quipping that "if the president put Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight  somehow that's a Russian connection." Spicer said Ryan appeared "hell-bent" on projecting her own image of the White House when she asked what Trump might be doing to repair a relationship with former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice  who did not support his campaign and was meeting with the president later this week. "Please stop shaking your head again  Spicer said to Ryan. He said the president was fulfilling a promise to build bridges with both supporters and opponents.			Legit
Education			6-year-old got gun at LA-area school; families kept in dark			RANCHO CUCAMONGA, Calif. -  Authorities learned a 6-year-old brought a gun to an elementary school outside Los Angeles, but parents of other students didn't learn about it for nearly two weeks.			Legit
Politics			Friedman confirmed as U.S. ambassador to Israel			President Donald Trump's choice for ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday, overcoming strong opposition from Democrats.			Legit
Business			 Hedge fund exec whose former firm was linked to Madoff jumps to his death			Charles Murphy was found dead on the fourth-floor terrace of the Sofitel hotel on Monday  according to a police source. "We are extremely saddened by this news  said John Paulson, the president of Paulson & Co., a separate hedge fund where Murphy worked at the time of his death. Charles was an extremely gifted and brilliant man  a great partner and a true friend." Murphy once worked for Fairfield Greenwich  which invested about $7 billion with Madoff and was later sued by investors who lost money. The fund agreed to an $80 million settlement. Madoff was arrested in December 2008 for running the world's largest Ponzi scheme and defrauding investors of $20 billion. He pleaded guilty to fraud charges. Now 78  he is serving 150 years in a federal prison in North Carolina.			Legit
Education			Immigration Controversy Could Drive Up College Costs			The University of Central Missouri is one of many higher-education institutions to express support for its Muslim students after President Donald Trump's executive order restricting travel by people from seven predominantly Muslim countries.			Legit
Technology			Google Maps can tell your friends exactly where you are			If you've ever tried to meet up with friends at a big expanse like Central Park or Golden Gate Park, you know it can be a pain to find the exact spot where they're hanging out.			Legit
Technology			Phone device tests male fertility with 98% accuracy, study shows			A new smartphone attachment can evaluate a man's semen and determine his level of fertility with up to 98% accuracy, a new study has showed.			Legit
Technology			Amazon Prime Air drone completes its first US public delivery			Amazon Prime Air said Thursday it shipped its first package out in public in the US this week, marking another small step toward its goal of filling the skies with delivery drones.			Legit
Education			Protesters Disrupt DeVos School Visit			Protesters on Friday morning attempted to thwart a visit to a District of Columbia middle school by newly confirmed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.			Legit
Business			 BrewDog threatened lawsuit against plan for bar with 'punk' in name			BrewDog threatened legal action to prevent a bar from using the term "punk" in its name  it has emerged  a day after the brewer blamed "trigger-happy" lawyers for a similar dispute that sparked a social media backlash. The brewer  which has been a vocal critic of the behaviour of large corporations  raised an objection to plans by music promoter Tony Green to open a bar in Leeds called Draft Punk. Green  who says the name was a tongue-in-cheek reference to French dance music act Daft Punk  said the "intimidating" threat contravened the punk movement spirit that BrewDog claims to espouse.			Legit
Entertainment			We all know why the right is angry at Tomi Lahren			Conservative darling-turned-pariah Tomi Lahren is getting a crash course on what the right thinks of women. Lahren  a 24-year-old known for her video monologues delivered in a brash  self-aggrandizing tone  rose to quick prominence within right-wing media. She's young  blond  opinionated and conservative  and unafraid to use sex appeal as a cudgel. "It seems feminists are all about freedom of expression so long as the females are overweight or transgender  she says in one video. Being a young, attractive, conservative woman also gave her cover to make the kind of startlingly cruel comments that would have sunk other careers -- suggesting, for example, that Syrian refugees fleeing for their lives (and the lives of their children) were cowards who wouldn't stay to defend their country. Americans stand up and fight for faith  family and freedom  reads the text overlaid on an image of herself, which she tweeted. Syrians run away."			Legit