ICNW Assignment 1



man - The man command is used to format and display the man pages.
 It provides a detailed view of the command which includes NAME, SYNOPSIS, DESCRIPTION, OPTIONS, EXIT STATUS, RETURN VALUES, ERRORS, FILES, VERSIONS, EXAMPLES, AUTHORS and SEE ALSO.
syntax :
$ man [COMMAND NAME]



Socket:

Linux socket interface
create an endpoint for communication
int socket(int domain, int type, int protocol);
The domain argument specifies a communication domain; this selects
       the protocol family which will be used for communication.
The socket has the indicated type, which specifies the communication
       semantics.
The protocol specifies a particular protocol to be used with the
       socket. 



3. Bind:

bind a name to a socket. 
int bind(int sockfd, const struct sockaddr *addr,
                socklen_t addrlen);
bind() assigns
       the address specified by addr to the socket referred to by the file
       descriptor sockfd.  addrlen specifies the size, in bytes, of the
       address structure pointed to by addr.  Traditionally, this operation
       is called “assigning a name to a socket”.


4.      connect - 

initiate a connection on a socket
 int connect(int sockfd, const struct sockaddr *addr,
                   socklen_t addrlen);
The connect() system call connects the socket referred to by the file
       descriptor sockfd to the address specified by addr.  The addrlen
       argument specifies the size of addr.  The format of the address in
       addr is determined by the address space of the socket sockfd;


5.       listen - 


listen for connections on a socket
int listen(int sockfd, int backlog);




       The sockfd argument is a file descriptor that refers to a socket of
       type SOCK_STREAM or SOCK_SEQPACKET.

       The backlog argument defines the maximum length to which the queue of
       pending connections for sockfd may grow.

6. Accept:

accept a connection on a socket
The argument sockfd is a socket that has been created with socket(2),
       bound to a local address with bind(2), and is listening for
       connections after a listen(2).

       The argument addr is a pointer to a sockaddr structure.  This
       structure is filled in with the address of the peer socket, as known
       to the communications layer.


7. Send:

Send  a message on a socket

ssize_t send(int sockfd, const void *buf, size_t len, int flags);


       The send() call may be used only when the socket is in a connected
       state (so that the intended recipient is known).  The only difference
       between send() and write(2) is the presence of flags.  With a zero
       flags argument, send() is equivalent to write(2).
 The argument sockfd is the file descriptor of the sending socket.For send the message is found in buf and has length
       len.

The flags argument is the bitwise OR of zero or more of the following
       flags.



9. Sendto
used to transmit
       a message to another socket.

ssize_t sendto(int sockfd, const void *buf, size_t len, int flags,
                      const struct sockaddr *dest_addr, socklen_t addrlen);














